The track was in excellent condition , running through the trees .
In some slow-moving radially symmetrical marine animals such as ctenophores and cnidarians -LRB- including sea anemones and jellyfish -RRB- , the nerves form a nerve net , but in most animals they are organized longitudinally into bundles .
Two tries in the final moments were not enough to see Maroochydore through to the Grand Final .
The newly discovered prime is expressed as 257,885,161 − 1 and has 17,425,170 digits .
The All India states people 's conference was formed in 1927 .
Mario : Steve Jobs , as was previously stated .
Internal pattern generation operates on a wide range of time scales , from milliseconds to hours or longer .
In the final game of pool play , she scored 20 points , leading her team in scoring in their 82 -- 49 loss to Germany .
Since a ship of this size would leak a considerable amount of water through the hull , the Archimedes ' screw was purportedly developed in order to remove the bilge water .
It , along with nihonium -LRB- element 113 -RRB- , moscovium -LRB- element 115 -RRB- , and oganesson -LRB- element 118 -RRB- , are the four most recently named elements , whose names all became official on 28 November 2016 .
In its most recent monthly report , OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day .
As part of the Augustan programme to restore traditional morality and social order , moral legislation attempted to regulate the conduct of men and women as a means of promoting `` family values '' .
The Cretaceous -- Paleogene extinction event , which occurred approximately 66 million years ago at the end of the Cretaceous period , caused the extinction of all dinosaur groups except for the neornithine birds .
A 3,300-year-old stone carving of a Hittite bard playing a stringed instrument is the oldest iconographic representation of a chordophone and clay plaques from Babylonia show people playing an instrument that has a strong resemblance to the guitar , indicating a possible Babylonian origin for the guitar .
Pulsed light works with Xenon flash lamps that can produce flashes several times per second .
Two of Chopin 's long-standing pupils , Karol Mikuli -LRB- 1821 -- 1897 -RRB- and Georges Mathias , were themselves piano teachers and passed on details of his playing to their own students , some of whom -LRB- such as Raoul Koczalski -RRB- were to make recordings of his music .
Texas yesterday executed murder convict Arturo Diaz hours after the US Supreme Court turned down a final appeal .
We 've been working very closely with her horse since to try to alleviate any stress it might be under . ''
The notion of appropriate technology was developed in the 20th century by thinkers such as E. F. Schumacher and Jacques Ellul to describe situations where it was not desirable to use very new technologies or those that required access to some centralized infrastructure or parts or skills imported from elsewhere .
China 's Central Government Procurement Center , citing Microsoft 's shutdown of Windows XP security support on April 8 , issued a notice this week banning use of the Windows 8 operating system -LRB- OS -RRB- on new desktops , laptops and tablets by government agencies .
Got out of my own company and decided to earn more money as a consultant .
Photometry over the course of half a Uranian year -LRB- beginning in the 1950s -RRB- has shown regular variation in the brightness in two spectral bands , with maxima occurring at the solstices and minima occurring at the equinoxes .
An 11-year sunspot cycle is half of a 22-year Babcock -- Leighton dynamo cycle , which corresponds to an oscillatory exchange of energy between toroidal and poloidal solar magnetic fields .
She is in custody pending indictment and trial , but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published .
For its 98th consecutive year , the East Texas State Fair opened for operations on Friday in Tyler , Texas in the United States .
A whole generation has grown up since Ukraine 's independence and many people , old and young and in the middle , have ideas about sovereignty and politics that are not simply `` ethnic . ''
Schumacher was induced after suffering severe head trauma following a skiing accident in the French Alps , December last year .
Also a single letter may represent two phonemes , as in English <x> representing / gz / or / ks / .
The Yoga Yajnavalkya discusses eight yoga Asanas -- Swastika , Gomukha , Padma , Vira , Simha , Bhadra , Mukta and Mayura , numerous breathing exercises for body cleansing , and meditation .
On the day of the attack , President Obama actually said '' ... no acts of terror will ever shake the resolve of this great nation '' .
Australia 's Libby Kosmala , who at 70 years old was competing in her eleventh Paralympic Games , finished eighth with a score of 488.7 , several points behind the leaders .
The Capitals turned the ball over more than Sydney , with 22 to the Flames ' 11 .
Peter 's mother sought to force him to adopt a more conventional approach , and arranged his marriage to Eudoxia Lopukhina in 1689 .
`` We are committed to promoting equality and diversity so that all students , staff and members of society can be confident that they will be treated with dignity and respect .
This causes a correction in the years 1700 , 1800 , 1900 , 2100 , 2200 , and 2300 .
On Monday , the Australian Associated Press -LRB- AAP -RRB- released a statement saying such government oversight is not required .
Kenseth , who started in the twelfth position , led 78 laps of the 267-lap race .
The last time a hurricane struck the Gulf coast was in 2008 .
Australia and Canada both had their flag bearers from the opening ceremonies represented by this sport , Greg Smith for Australia and Garett Hickling for Canada .
Buzica is the thirteenth location awarded .
If pathogens breach these defenses , fish can develop an inflammatory response that increases blood flow to the infected region and delivers white blood cells that attempt to destroy pathogens .
The People 's Republic of China under Mao exhibited the oppressive tendencies that were discernible in all the major absolutist regimes of the twentieth century .
Both teams were playing for pride as neither could progress to the finals .
The highest such number that the eye can resolve as stripes , or distinguish from a grey block , is then the measurement of visual acuity of the eye .
Although memory has traditionally been a persistent theme in philosophy , the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries also saw the study of memory emerge as a subject of inquiry within the paradigms of cognitive psychology .
The Enlightenment 's desacrilization of religion was pronounced in the tree 's design , particularly where theology accounted for a peripheral branch , with black magic as a close neighbour .
On 25 December 1926 , at Hamamatsu Industrial High School in Japan , Japanese inventor Kenjiro Takayanagi demonstrated a TV system with a 40-line resolution that employed a CRT display .
146 colorfully decorated groups were taking part , some of them dancing to their own music , and were watched by about 200.000 people in the streets during more than four hours of the whole performance .
The species was collected at Marosely , Boriziny -LRB- French : Port-Bergé -RRB- , Sofia Region , Madagascar .
The man , identified as Fredrick Perkins , was a resident of the city of Tyler .
`` This has been a difficult decision to make and not one taken lightly '' , a member of a conduct committee within the BNP commented .
Part of Macquarie 's effort to transform the colony was his authorisation for convicts to re-enter society as free citizens .
Different types of vibrato will bring different moods to the piece , and the varying degrees and styles of vibrato are often characteristics that stand out in well-known violinists .
Wikinews queried the listed subject-matter experts regarding the diplomatic relations between these nations , and the reasoning behind such .
Yasuhiro Yamashita , a fellow Judoka who fought Saito in three consecutive All-Japan judo championship finals , and who also won gold at the 1984 games , commented on his death , `` He was my lifetime rival .
He is now on his way to Cape Town after several days of blizzard conditions halted his evacuation .
Leonardo made over 240 detailed drawings and wrote about 13,000 words towards a treatise on anatomy .
The United States team is ranked number one in the world .
His breakthrough occurred in 1796 when he showed that a regular polygon can be constructed by compass and straightedge if and only if the number of sides is the product of distinct Fermat primes and a power of 2 .
Other types of sugar include raw sugar , which is known for its amber color , as it is unprocessed .
The Ancient era was dominated by Greek philosophical schools which arose out of the various pupils of Socrates , such as Plato who founded the Platonic Academy , and was one of the most influential Greek thinkers for the whole of Western thought .
They were beaten up by a few people who took away their laptops '' .
He also said Allied forces `` freed us all from the system of National Socialist tyranny . ''
The Church teaches that no one is condemned to hell without having freely decided to reject God .
Sheikh Hamad seized power in 1995 through a bloodless coup that removed his father from the throne .
The Creator has given us certain inviolable Rights : the right to Life , the right to be Free , and the right to achieve Happiness . ''
As a result of these historical trends , descriptions of Cortés tend to be simplistic , and either damning or idealizing .
The FAA said passengers in the area and surrounding airports and possibly airports around the region , might experience flight delays or cancellations , causing long lines at airports , and encouraged them to check flight information with their carriers .
However , we have seen significant opposition movements in recent years , which shows that if things turn out badly then Putin may be vulnerable .
Nonetheless Freud was ranked as the third most cited psychologist of the 20th century , according to a Review of General Psychology survey of American psychologists and psychology texts , published in 2002 .
Reportedly the primary blast took place at approximately 5:40 p.m. local time , when the neighborhood is busy .
The change follows the passage of the Marriage -LRB- Same Sex Couples -RRB- Act earlier this year .
said the President .
Tom Kyle : Still played cricket .
He bequeathed La Casa Azul to the people of Mexico , and it was opened as a museum in 1958 .
Enlil blesses Utnapishtim and his wife , and rewards them with eternal life .
His face was full of expression : his nose extremely well shaped : his eyes which were small and of a brown cast , were quick and piercing ; his eyebrows prominent , which gave his countenance altogether an air of austerity . ''
The prosecuting side , lead by Iain McSporran , believed Aitchison would have been murdered within a 90 minute period on November 23 , 2011 , during a `` communication silence '' in which neither of the accused made use of their mobile phones .
Mahlunga has said he did nothing wrong and Judge Horn said he `` failed to express genuine remorse '' .
She told Wikinews her research facility will continue to work with its partners abroad and focus on genetic diversity .
Types include helicopters , autogyros , and various hybrids such as gyrodynes and compound rotorcraft .
The event was eventually rated at 6 on the seven-level INES scale -LRB- third in severity only to the disasters at Chernobyl and Fukushima -RRB- .
In Japan , more than 90,000 foreign students studied at Japanese universities and Japanese language schools , including 77,000 Chinese and 15,000 South Koreans in 2003 .
The rocket-prevention force includes 600 Hamas operatives and started its activity after the ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas , during the last escalation between the two in late 2012 .
Fermi will search for evidence that dark matter is composed of weakly interacting massive particles , complementing similar experiments with the Large Hadron Collider and other underground detectors .
Equestrian sports provided entertainment for crowds and honed the excellent horsemanship that was needed in battle .
Police advised media the investigation is on-going and more charges may still be filed .
In letters to Woyciechowski , he indicated which of his works , and even which of their passages , were influenced by his fascination with her ; his letter of 15 May 1830 revealed that the slow movement -LRB- Larghetto -RRB- of his Piano Concerto No. 1 -LRB- in E minor -RRB- was secretly dedicated to her -- `` It should be like dreaming in beautiful springtime -- by moonlight . ''
He criticized atheism for being focused on the derision of such symbols , while at the same time warned of the over-estimation of the importance of such symbols by believers .
Although they are constant at low frequencies , the parameters vary with frequency .
NBC News says Engel and others were tied up , blindfolded , and put in the back of a truck and driven to possibly near the Syrian town of Ma'arrat Misrin .
In the late 20th century , during the Cold War , many countries became military dictatorships in attempts avoid communism .
Barns was personally asked by Julian Assange to take the position , following Assange 's own announcement late last year that he would run for a federal Senate seat in Victoria .
Nine other survivors were rescued by Greek and Maltese ships , but all the rest appear to have perished '' .
The Duke of Edinburgh missed numerous royal occasions while he was in the private building , including the Trooping the Colour on June 15 to celebrate the Queen 's Official Birthday .
The Conservative and Liberals parties signed on , along with a small cadre of Labour , but the vast majority of Labour leaders denounced MacDonald as a traitor for leading the new government .
Her mother erected a Facebook page celebrating the life of her daughter as well as acknowledging the true reasons for her daughters tragic passing , `` Rehtaeh is gone today because of the four boys that thought that raping a 15-year-old girl was okay , and to distribute a photo to ruin her spirit and reputation would be fun . ''
The Ancient Egyptians would often write on papyrus , a plant grown along the Nile River .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- : What role should the media be playing in promoting the Paralympic Games ?
Red Bull have hit back with a statement saying many teams have found the FIA 's fuel flow meter to be faulty .
Although much of the train snaked away from the platform , the rearmost door was still aligned with the platform , allowing passengers including our correspondent to get off and see the situation for themselves .
The video displays animal cruelty at an Inghams plant in Tahmoor , Macarthur Region , south-west of Sydney .
In 1982 , Afrika Bambaataa released the single `` Planet Rock '' , which incorporated electronica elements from Kraftwerk 's `` Trans-Europe Express '' and `` Numbers '' as well as YMO 's `` Riot in Lagos '' .
Hermann Göring later testified at the Nuremberg Trials that the Nazis ' willingness to repress German communists prompted president Paul von Hindenburg and the German elite to cooperate with the Nazis .
He claims to have `` invented '' e-mail due to certain functionality in the program , but these claims have been disputed by various parties , and have also been the subject of lawsuits against media outlets .
The New York City Economic Development Corporation 's Early Stage Life Sciences Funding Initiative and venture capital partners , including Celgene , General Electric Ventures , and Eli Lilly , committed a minimum of US$ 100 million to help launch 15 to 20 ventures in life sciences and biotechnology .
His other working credits include work on The Sarah Silverman Show and Eastbound and Down .
Among the earliest digital toys are Mattel Auto Race and the Little Professor , both released in 1976 .
The house moved from side to side .
A DNA helix usually does not interact with other segments of DNA , and in human cells , the different chromosomes even occupy separate areas in the nucleus called `` chromosome territories '' .
The x − y coordinates in E are obtained from homogeneous coordinates y = -LRB- y1 , y2 , y3 -RRB- by dividing by the third component -LRB- if it is nonzero -RRB- to obtain y = -LRB- y1/y3 , y2/y3 , 1 -RRB- .
Doctor Amanda Bakian , one of the researchers , said `` As suicide risk was found to differ by age and gender , this suggests that vulnerability to suicide following air pollution exposure is not uniform across Salt Lake County residents and that some Salt Lake County residents are more vulnerable than others . ''
The limit for the number of phonemes which may be contained in each varies by language .
To avoid debtor 's prison he fled to Moscow , where his two eldest sons , Alexander and Nikolay , were attending university .
To fight rising traffic congestion and population , the national government has recently implemented a policy for rapid urbanisation of surrounding areas and beyond by the introduction of a ten-year relief on income tax for new construction of facilities and buildings outside Dhaka .
In the South , the American-backed strongman Syngman Rhee ran a significantly less brutal but deeply corrupt and authoritarian regime .
Who leaked the information about your punishment to the media ?
As Dr David White says , `` passport officers did not perform better , despite their experience and training .
During the early 13th century , romances were increasingly written as prose .
Title VII of the Amendment read `` Section 102 -LRB- b -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- of the USA Patriot Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 -LRB- 50 U.S.C. 1805 note -RRB- is amended by striking ` June 1 , 2015 ' and inserting ` December 31 , 2017 ' '' , extending the USA PATRIOT Act through the end of 2017 .
Judge Pierce reported that he had checked the files and found that this Statement had indeed been filed , and he did n't know why it was not on the docket .
When this riff was played over the bass and the drums , the groove `` feel '' was created .
The cell wall acts to protect the cell mechanically and chemically from its environment , and is an additional layer of protection to the cell membrane .
A GMC divides once , to give rise to either a pair of neurons or a pair of glial cells .
Concurrently , William Odling -LRB- an English chemist -RRB- published an arrangement of 57 elements , ordered on the basis of their atomic weights .
Former 1972 U.S. election Democratic Presidential candidate and United States Senator from South Dakota George McGovern died Sunday at the age of 90 in Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
Merchant Francis Cabot Lowell from Newburyport , Massachusetts memorised the design of textile machines on his tour of British factories in 1810 .
When exposed to solar radiation , water quickly decomposes through a process known as photodissociation and is lost to space .
Earlier NTV , the Turkish language partner of MSNBC , reported Akyavaş may have been `` arrested and detained in Syria '' -LRB- -LRB- tr -RRB- -RRB- Turkish language : Suriye ` de tutuklanıp tutuklanmadığına , but they also added , '' -LSB- we -RSB- do not have any information yet . ''
Wikinews sought input from a range of international experts on the situation ; and , the tensions caused by Russia 's support for the al-Assad regime despite its apparent use of chemical weapons .
Examples of statins found in fungi include mevastatin from Penicillium citrinum and lovastatin from Aspergillus terreus and the oyster mushroom .
In contrast to the predictions of the Met Office , the Environment Agency have said that floods could remain in some areas of England until March , and that up to 3,000 homes in the Thames Valley could be flooded over the weekend .
Kavango Region police coordinator Willie Bampton reportedly said yesterday : `` My team on the ground have found the wreckage .
PMV : I have done fieldwork in Belize and Peru , and my coauthor did field work in Brazil , Ecuador , and Peru , where we collected several specimens of Sturnira -LRB- including the third species that has not been described yet -RRB- .
The marriage was a failure , and ten years later Peter forced his wife to become a nun and thus freed himself from the union .
Although it was initially used exclusively to combat malaria , its use quickly spread to agriculture .
And I really enjoyed talking with your students and answering their questions .
Alice Coddington scored a three pointer , Samuels a two pointer , and Cosier another three pointer .
Women who have never carried a pregnancy achieving more than 20 weeks of gestation age are referred to as nulliparous .
And I 'm going to be putting a lot of what I am into it .
Performing editions and recordings of Palestrina have tended to favour his works in the more familiar modes and standard -LRB- SATB -RRB- voicings , under-representing the expressive variety of his settings .
By Dalí 's own admission , he had agreed not to go there without written permission from his wife .
Turkey announced one day of national mourning .
Since 1948 , the ongoing Framingham Heart Study has shed light on the effects of various influences on the heart , including diet , exercise , and common medications such as aspirin .
No one is predestined to hell and no one can determine with absolute certainty who has been condemned to hell .
Some Ancient Indian tree deities , such as Puliyidaivalaiyamman , the Tamil deity of the tamarind tree , or Kadambariyamman , associated with the kadamba tree were seen as manifestations of a goddess who offers her blessings by giving fruits in abundance .
In those who use cocaine the risk is greatest during the withdrawal phase .
Many countries have now liberalized the electricity market where these risks , and the risk of cheaper competitors emerging before capital costs are recovered , are borne by plant suppliers and operators rather than consumers , which leads to a significantly different evaluation of the economics of new nuclear power plants .
University are now scheduled to host Noosa next weekend in a match which should separate the teams at the top of the ladder .
`` Raising three fingers has become a symbol in calling for fundamental political rights '' .
According to another study , when measured in a different solution , the DNA chain measured 22 to 26 ångströms wide -LRB- 2.2 to 2.6 nanometres -RRB- , and one nucleotide unit measured 3.3 Å -LRB- 0.33 nm -RRB- long .
The paper , `` Mapping the Origins and Expansion of the Indo-European Language Family '' , contradicts the established view that the Indo-European group of languages originated in the Pontic steppes of south-west Russia around 6,000 years ago .
The latex exuded by the balatá tree -LRB- Manilkara bidentata -RRB- is used to make golf balls and is similar to gutta-percha , made from the latex of the `` getah perca '' tree Palaquium .
His step-daughter Svetlana -LRB- daughter of Olgivanna -RRB- and her son Daniel died in an automobile accident in 1946 .
This is supported by new equipment , such as a new drill barge and suction dredger , and an increase of the tug boat fleet by 20 % .
She wrote him a letter saying she had no remorse for the murders .
Some countries are now economically dependent on food exports , which in some cases account for over 80 % of all exports .
Changes in attitudes have taken place and continue to take place . ''
Other countries with over 30 % representation include Rwanda , Argentina , Cuba , Finland , the Netherlands , and Sweden .
It is a function of the star 's luminosity , its distance from Earth , and the altering of the star 's light as it passes through Earth 's atmosphere .
In 1865 Hulley , Brookes and E.G. Ravenstein founded the National Olympian Association in Liverpool , a forerunner of the British Olympic Association .
Visually-impaired B3 classified skier Bathum chatted with his guide , Sean Ramsden , immediately following both his races .
On the pendentives , Michelangelo replaced the proposed Apostles with Prophets and Sibyls who heralded the coming of the Messiah .
Freud hypothesized that libido is a form of mental energy with which processes , structures and object-representations are invested .
Wilson is accused of punching Nettles to the ground and then repeatedly hitting her while she lay there .
The amendment to New Zealand 's marriage act has received some opposition from both the Catholic Church and the Anglican Church .
Some historians have spoken of Hegel 's influence as represented by two opposing camps .
While representations of God the Father were growing in Italy , Spain , Germany and the Low Countries , there was resistance elsewhere in Europe , even during the 17th century .
Further to the didactics of literary and dramatic content , Eisenstein taught the technicalities of directing , photography , and editing , while encouraging his students ' development of individuality , expressiveness , and creativity .
On March 17 he noted : `` I looked for the Comet or Nebulous Star and found that it is a Comet , for it has changed its place . ''
Other chemicals of potential concern include alkylphenols .
Upon returning to the US , Snowden would still have to face trial on two counts of theft of government property .
Meanwhile , Brazil continued aggressively , with Marcos Jose Alves Felipe in particular looking threatening .
On Friday , they raised the number of `` danger to life '' level flood warnings from 17 to 24 .
The body was disembowelled , baked to facilitate removal of the flesh , and the bones were carefully cleaned for preservation as religious icons in a fashion somewhat reminiscent of the treatment of European saints in the Middle Ages .
As a result , the United States government -- which since 1953 had been tasked by President Eisenhower to remove Arbenz from power in the multifaceted CIA operation code named PBSUCCESS -- responded by saturating Guatemala with anti-Arbenz propaganda through radio and dropped leaflets , and began bombing raids using unmarked airplanes .
Earliest proposed dates for the origin of cheesemaking range from around 8000 BCE , when sheep were first domesticated .
Senators Scott Brown of Massachusetts and Ron Johnson of Wisconsin have both called for him to drop out of the race .
At this scale , an error rate of 15 per cent would correspond to the admittance of several thousand travellers bearing fake passports '' .
The economics of new nuclear power plants is a controversial subject , since there are diverging views on this topic , and multibillion-dollar investments ride on the choice of an energy source .
Furthermore , the armed wing of Hamas claimed in a statement , `` We have captured a Zionist soldier and the occupation has not admitted that '' , and displaying a identification card and a serial number .
Towards the end of its useful life , the sword served more as a weapon of self-defence than for use on the battlefield , and the military importance of swords steadily decreased during the Modern Age .
This latter olfactory system is used in the flehmen response .
In recent years , overfishing has threatened the sturgeon population to the point that environmentalists advocate banning sturgeon fishing completely until the population recovers .
Different frequencies undergo different angles of refraction , a phenomenon known as dispersion .
During the time that Melzi was ordering the material into chapters for publication , they were examined by a number of anatomists and artists , including Vasari , Cellini and Albrecht Dürer , who made a number of drawings from them .
I 'd actually started working for various companies , and I ended up with Suncorp Metway as a project manager .
Police said `` They got no answer from within but noticed that the house was locked from inside and that sent a few alarm bells ringing and they decided to call the police -LSB- ... -RSB- At the moment what we are doing is trying to get as much background information from both the Spanish and the UK sides of the family . ''
There is a third way of linking the nouns where both nouns take no suffixes -LRB- takısız tamlama -RRB- .
Some have described the internal strife between various people groups as a form of imperialism or colonialism .
It is often believed that a speaker 's capacity for language lies in the quantity of words stored in the lexicon .
Griffin 's response to this expulsion from the party was to tweet : `` Breaking news !
He formulated Boyle 's law , rejected the classical `` four elements '' and proposed a mechanistic alternative of atoms and chemical reactions that could be subject to rigorous experiment .
Many of the world 's most lucrative art auctions are held in New York City .
In addition , local governments and some NPO groups provide free Japanese language classes for foreign residents , including Japanese Brazilians and foreigners married to Japanese nationals .
Makowska 's win came in a very closely-contested match ; The score was first tied on eleven points , and again on 12 , 13 , and 14 points before the Pole finally won .
In Japan , Emperor Saga abolished the death penalty in 818 under the influence of Shinto and it lasted until 1156 .
He also criticized the last government for driving the railways into a loss .
In some countries , sexual crimes , such as adultery and sodomy , carry the death penalty , as do religious crimes such as apostasy , the formal renunciation of one 's religion .
Reasons include the lack of support from the United States government .
Monsieur Verdoux was the first Chaplin release that failed both critically and commercially in the United States .
Philadelphia native DJ Lady B recorded `` To the Beat Y' All '' in 1979 , and became the first female solo hip hop artist to record music .
The subsequent Non-Co-Operation movement was called off in March 1922 following the Chauri Chaura incident , and discontent continued to simmer for the next 25 years .
He recognized that the remains that had been found so far , Iguanodon , Megalosaurus and Hylaeosaurus , shared a number of distinctive features , and so decided to present them as a distinct taxonomic group .
Fowl had been known in Egypt since the mid-15th century BC , with the `` bird that gives birth every day '' having come to Egypt from the land between Syria and Shinar , Babylonia , according to the annals of Thutmose III .
So the first idea was to build a bigger tank .
Yaocuicatl was devoted to war and the god -LRB- s -RRB- of war , Teocuicatl to the gods and creation myths and to adoration of said figures , xochicuicatl to flowers -LRB- a symbol of poetry itself and indicative of the highly metaphorical nature of a poetry that often utilized duality to convey multiple layers of meaning -RRB- .
In engineering terms , that is true whenever the resultant of the forces of gravity acting on the dam and water pressure on the dam acts in a line that passes upstream of the toe of the dam .
It is preferably made from the rare golden-tinged Kaya tree -LRB- Torreya nucifera -RRB- , with the very best made from Kaya trees up to 700 years old .
This information implies that the visible pole brightens some time before the solstice and darkens after the equinox .
This approach , which is widely described in classical texts , is best suited for manual calculations .
On Monday , Dale announced he intended to proceed with a statement of claim after Ford failed to respond to the libel notice in a timely manner .
All Tokugawa lands were seized and placed under `` imperial control '' , thus placing them under the prerogative of the new Meiji government .
They become catalysts which convert relatively benign man-made chlorine into active free radicals like chlorine monoxide which are destructive of the stratospheric ozone layer .
This produces a more flavorful bread with better texture .
People 's Daily , a newspaper of the Chinese Communist Party , published the following : `` Hong Kong has for many years enjoyed peace and harmony .
Initiatives , like this exposure , strengthen awareness which is indicated by the Transparency International 's Corruption Perceptions Index ; ranking Brazil 69th out of 178 countries in 2012 .
However , the Grand Lodge of Scotland estimates the number of Freemasons executed between 80,000 and 200,000 .
The Czech Republic 's Michal Geier scored the equalizer in the third period .
They 're not always going to be there , so you ca n't depend strictly on that .
There does not seem to be any gender preference among dogs as pets , as the statistical data reveal an equal number of female and male dog pets .
We have an Article 6 oath of office that we take to the US Constitution that binds all elected officials to the same rule of law -- except the President of the United States , who takes a separate oath of office .
The terms weak and strong are relatively recent , while the terms negative and positive atheism are of older origin , having been used -LRB- in slightly different ways -RRB- in the philosophical literature and in Catholic apologetics .
Having newly switched to Lotus , he failed to complete the opening two races this year and damaged his car with an accidental wheelie practicing for this one .
RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in Australia .
The most successful act to follow them were Lynyrd Skynyrd , who helped establish the `` Good ol' boy '' image of the subgenre and the general shape of 1970s ' guitar rock .
The major geographical theorist of the empire was actually a former Swedish prisoner-of-war , taken at the Battle of Poltava in 1709 and assigned to Tobolsk , where he associated with Peter 's Siberian official , Vasily Tatishchev , and was allowed freedom to conduct geographical and anthropological studies in preparation for a future book .
Scientists are currently discussing the possibility of resurrecting extinct animals from their DNA .
Some modes of degradation require that the plastic be exposed at the surface , whereas other modes will only be effective if certain conditions exist in landfill or composting systems .
The asteroid had been previously spotted by observatories including Caussols-ODAS in France , and Mt. Lemmon Survey and Steward Observatory in Arizona , US .
And in this case , I did not violate a caucus confidence , and I was trying to advocate for my constituents , who wanted the right to vote on this issue as reflected in the surveys that they returned to my office .
Rock School in 2006 featured a student rock band that KISS frontman Gene Simmons created .
He went on to say `` Far from weakening our resolve to deliver our economic recovery plan , this decision redoubles it '' .
In turn this governs collective behavior with many degrees of variation .
In opposition stood the West , dominantly democratic and capitalist with a free press and independent organizations .
His output included a novel , two biographies , three volumes of memoirs , and several histories .
Included in make-ready is the time taken to mount the plate onto the machine , clean up any mess from the previous job , and get the press up to speed .
Schavan was accused of uncredited copying from various sources in the dissertation `` Character and Conscience '' she completed in 1980 .
Safarov killed Margaryan in his sleep with an axe ; the attack allegedly stemming from a desire to avenge Azeris killed during the Nagorno-Karabakh War and being mocked by Margaryan and another Armenian .
In the belief that the revolt had been successful , Pope Pius V issued a bull in 1570 , titled Regnans in Excelsis , which declared `` Elizabeth , the pretended Queen of England and the servant of crime '' to be excommunicate and a heretic , releasing all her subjects from any allegiance to her .
They eventually declared the missionaries as being killed by the FARC .
Rogers criticised the decision not to release Charles ' correspondence : `` It is not democratic to cover up his interventions . ''
If the piston is allowed to move that boundary is movable while the cylinder and cylinder head boundaries are fixed .
Planned Parenthood of the Heartland Planned Nebraska communications manager Susan Allen told the Daily Nebraskan Sandra Fluke was the ideal person to serve as keynote speaker : `` She is a wonderfully outspoken person on the affordable care act , women 's health and women 's rights .
When he was seventeen , another pupil , Pietro Torrigiano , struck him on the nose , causing the disfigurement that is conspicuous in all the portraits of Michelangelo .
As the result of an approach by Royal Naval Air Service officers who had been operating armoured cars on the Western Front , the First Lord of the Admiralty , Winston Churchill formed the Landships Committee , on 20 February 1915 .
Despite Tokyo 's positive early response from the IOC , there is no guarantee the city will be selected as previous early favourites have failed to win hosting rights when it came down to the final vote .
Multiple gold , silver and bronze medallist , Smith has represented Australia in multiple Paralympic Games in two different sports : 1992 , 1996 and 2000 saw him compete in athletics ; 2004 and 2008 were the games where he switched to wheelchair rugby .
Water treatment has extracted caesium from the tanks but other radioactive elements remain .
Abandoned works include a pastoral opera based on Goethe 's Die Laune des Verliebten -LRB- The Infatuated Lover 's Caprice -RRB- , written at the age of 17 , Die Hochzeit -LRB- The Wedding -RRB- , on which Wagner worked in 1832 , and the singspiel Männerlist größer als Frauenlist -LRB- Men are More Cunning than Women , 1837 -- 38 -RRB- .
One of the issues the Central Bank of Brazil recently dealt with was an excess of speculative short-term capital inflows to the country , which may have contributed to a fall in the value of the U.S. dollar against the real during that period .
At 2:17 , Connecticut native Ryan T. Martin shot an air ball .
A popular student , in 1915 Mao was elected secretary of the Students Society .
The nipple of the breast is surrounded by the areola -LRB- nipple-areola complex -RRB- .
Sexual reproduction is a biological process that creates a new organism by combining the genetic material of two organisms in a process that starts with meiosis , a specialized type of cell division .
The bus was transporting passengers on the Dan Number 142 line .
Kirk chose not to run for the seat , and instead the Democrats nominated Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley , who lost to Brown .
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is in the region meeting with the Arab Leauge in an attempt to negotiate a ceasefire between Israel and Gaza .
The mountain climbers generated irregular and seasonal jobs for about 11,000 guides , porters , and cooks in 2007 , although serious concerns have been raised about their poor working conditions and inadequate wages .
Despite the circumstances , Dostoyevsky consoled the other prisoners , such as the Petrashevist Ivan Yastrzhembsky , who was surprised by Dostoyevsky 's kindness and eventually abandoned his decision to commit suicide .
This group has been responsible for several publications , within several different media formats ; one successful example was aywv , a gaming news website , which was # 1 in Gaming on YouTube in 2009 , from September to November ; Heaven Sent Gaming was also the subject of a referential book , released in 2014 , entitled Internet Legends - Heaven Sent Gaming .
Burning coal also generates large amounts of bottom ash and fly ash .
The most commonly grown bean is forastero , a large group of wild and cultivated cacaos , most likely native to the Amazon basin .
The program lost to Turing 's colleague Alick Glennie , although it is said that it won a game against Champernowne 's wife .
It has reportedly taken more than six weeks to match the DNA found at the site of the crash in the French Alps with those of the family members of the victims involved .
In more general terms , however , the American public chooses to largely overlook disabled sports as the average able-bodied person likely does not want to be represented by , and thus identify with , a disabled person .
During the second trimester , most women begin to wear maternity clothes .
The media is fixated on it .
They refused blindfolds when they stood before the firing squad , and sang `` Amazing Grace '' , according to witnesses .
The two convicted reportedly murdered Aitchison on November 23 , 2011 , inside an abandoned building in Steinish , a village located on the island of Lewis .
A student killed a school teacher at the Instituto Joan Fuster in Barcelona , Spain on Monday .
Zhou Ze , Li 's Lawyer , told the AFP that an opportunity to appeal the charges had been discarded as pointless as `` The ruling in an appeal is already decided . ''
Currently , it is estimated that approximately 26.8 million UK private domestic households own televisions , with approximately 25 million TV licences in all premises in force as of 2010 .
The second law states that any process will result in either no change or a net increase in the entropy of the universe .
When the man returned to the property , they confronted him and shot him in the ensuing fire fight .
Malnutrition or malnourishment is a condition that results from eating a diet in which nutrients are either not enough or are too much such that the diet causes health problems .
Black became the colour for garments , flags , pennants .
So in 2010 I attended my first official world championships with the Rollers , and we won .
Several prior ceasefire initiatives have been violated , with counter-accusations about which side dragged the other into fighting .
I forget which celebrity it was , recently , went in front of a congressional panel , was it Seth Rogen ?
The North Shore , an informal geographic term referring to the northern metropolitan area of Sydney , consists of Artarmon , Chatswood , Roseville , Lindfield , Killara , Gordon , Pymble , Hornsby and many others .
The metre , for example , was redefined in 1983 by the CGPM as the distance traveled by light in free space in 1⁄299 ,792,458 of a second while in 1960 the international yard was defined by the governments of the United States , United Kingdom , Australia and South Africa as being exactly 0.9144 metres .
In 1609 , Johannes Kepler published his three laws of planetary motion , explaining how the planets orbit the Sun .
A further differentiation was made between private and public history : Daniel Defoe 's Robinson Crusoe was , within this pattern , neither a `` romance '' nor a `` novel '' .
They may put the civil union ban back in it , which then puts it on another two years .
White-Gluz leaves The Agonist , of Canada and another extreme metal band .
The HVAC system should be up to date and functioning efficiently .
He cited recent centre upgrade costs of $ 15 million , estimated the number of local small businesses serving the centre between 45 and 48 , and said he would explore the option of converting it to a `` corrections facility for 18 to 24 year olds '' with the relevant state and Commonwealth officials .
The Boeing 787 relies more on electrical , as opposed to mechanical , systems than past aircraft from the manufacturer including having electronics operate hydraulic pumps and using electric brakes .
`` This is a crushing loss , for the Wikipedia community and the world .
As a journalist expressed the concerns of some who feared that he would violate civil liberties , de Gaulle retorted vehemently : `` Have I ever done that ?
The researchers conducted a comparison of the environmental impact of electric cars in view of different ratios of green-to-fuel electricity energy sources .
Breeders have attempted to recreate cattle of similar appearance to aurochs by crossing traditional types of domesticated cattle , creating the Heck cattle breed .
Eight pishtaq arches define the space at ground level and , as with the exterior , each lower pishtaq is crowned by a second pishtaq about midway up the wall .
According to one estimation , `` Homeric Greek is probably closer to demotic than 12-century Middle English is to modern spoken English . ''
Women such as Hatshepsut and Cleopatra VII even became pharaohs , while others wielded power as Divine Wives of Amun .
He also rejected the suggestion he was trying to become the next leader of the Conservative Party , telling the BBC : `` I think it 's highly unlikely that that will happen because there 's no vacancy .
In June 2007 , Beenie Man , Sizzla and Capleton signed up to the Reggae Compassionate Act , in a deal brokered with top dancehall promoters and Stop Murder Music activists .
These games are played one after another , in matches of three , five , or seven points .
The website of international news service Al Jazeera was hacked Tuesday by a group idenitified only as Al-Rashedon .
A second type of vaccine provides immunization for two influenza A viruses and two influenza B viruses .
These appointments , combined with his existing position as Minister of Industries , placed Guevara at the zenith of his power , as the `` virtual czar '' of the Cuban economy .
What some call his Modernist period -LRB- 1899 -- 1900 -RRB- followed .
An awarded village may have the most breeding pairs in its country , or a rapidly increasing stork population .
Bertrand Russell is credited with noticing the existence of such paradoxes even in the best symbolic formations of mathematics in his day , in particular the paradox that came to be named after him , Russell 's paradox .
The woody component of a forest contains lignin , which is relatively slow to decompose compared with other organic materials such as cellulose or carbohydrate .
Whatever the rules were , the fights often resulted in the death of one of the stallions .
As for lawrencium , its gas phase atomic electron configuration was confirmed in 2015 as -LSB- Rn -RSB- 5f147s27p1 .
In December , a statue of Vladimir Lenin was brought down by protesters .
Clinton , who was on a visit to Belfast as part of a four-day tour of Europe , said that violence `` is never an acceptable response to disagreements . ''
Revolutionary movements and right-wing military dictatorships became common after World War II , but since the 1980s , a wave of democratization came through the continent , and democratic rule is widespread now .
Because of the path that we chose , there is going to be pressure to bring this back next year and possibly years beyond that .
A few of these early locomotives were used in mines .
Much of this biomass occurs below ground in the root systems and as partially decomposed plant detritus .
... Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends . ''
Most whales are social animals , although a few species live in pairs or are solitary .
The match , at Montenegrin capital Podgorica 's Gradski Stadion , was suspended within the first minute after the Russian goalkeeper was hit with a flare .
The techniques used to force feed prisoners on hunger strikes involve methods deemed illegal by a report of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights .
For example , plasticizers like adipates and phthalates are often added to brittle plastics like polyvinyl chloride to make them pliable enough for use in food packaging , toys , and many other items .
Of 300 named places outside China , more than 80 % can be confidently located .
Starting from the last two decades of the 19th century , Italy developed into a colonial power by forcing Somalia , Eritrea and later Libya and the Dodecanese under its rule .
Born on July 2 , 1960 in Manila , Sereno previously served as a legal consultant for the United Nations , the World Bank , the US Agency for International Development , and the Asian Institute of Management Policy Center .
This happened several months after a Magistrate had recorded the conviction following a trial in February 2012 .
The federal government enacted The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 , which was created to allow equal opportunity for jobs , access to private and government funded facilities , and transportation for people with disabilities .
Sydney Lord Mayor Clover Moore also disputed Mr Gay 's claims , citing no safety hazards , `` The audit also shows that generally the risk to the public of having the rainbow crossing is low .
The Brazilian contingent in the crowd roared loudly at the final siren .
The University of Sydney was established in 1850 and remains the oldest university in Australia while the other city 's universities were all founded after World War II .
Zorn discussed how sponsorship has evolved from her early time participating , and issues with the Paralympics inside the United States at the present .
These two theodicies can be found in the denominational segregation within the religious community .
Both the primary olfactory system using the olfactory bulbs , and the secondary olfactory system using the vomeronasal organ are used .
This journey was postponed , as Linnaeus felt too busy .
Celebrating the continuation of the Union , Alistair Darling , leader of the pro-union Better Together campaign , addressing `` No '' campaign workers said `` You represent the majority of opinion and your voices have been heard .
That hearing was scheduled , because the Sixth District of the California Court of Appeals -LRB- case number H038883 -RRB- required the Santa Clara County Superior Court to -LRB- a -RRB- give all parties an opportunity to be heard regarding the possible disqualification of Judge Stoelker and -LRB- b -RRB- reply to the appellate court by December 26 .
Puddling produced a structural grade iron at a relatively low cost .
In Spanish `` shatranj '' was rendered as ajedrez -LRB- `` al-shatranj '' -RRB- , in Portuguese as xadrez , and in Greek as ζατρίκιον -LRB- zatrikion , which comes directly from the Persian chatrang -RRB- , but in the rest of Europe it was replaced by versions of the Persian shāh -LRB- `` king '' -RRB- , which was familiar as an exclamation and became the English words `` check '' and `` chess '' .
Cavendish was chosen as the replacement for Gros Michel because , among resistant cultivars , it produces the highest quality fruit .
The treaty and the Soviet Berlin Blockade led to the creation of the Western European Union 's Defence Organization in September 1948 .
The Russian Revolution spread into Mongolia , and overthrew its theocratic monarchy in 1924 .
Stirling University F.C. yesterday tweeted about its intention to hold what it called an `` African cup of nations '' themed event that evening , although the tweet was later deleted .
Leader 's death , at a retirement community he and his wife founded in 1985 , comes after the former governor suffered a short illness .
Canberra 's response came from Norwood , who drew a foul and scored a point from a free throw .
As well as identifying the group which hacked the website in English and Arabic , the bottom left of the image also contains an Arabic language statement from the group criticising Al Jazeera for its coverage of the Syrian civil war .
An elaborate post-and-beam pulley system was used to raise the blocks into desired position .
Wales was annexed by the Kingdom of England under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542 .
It 's turned out to be a very big blessing in the life of the Delph family for obvious reasons because our daughter has turned around her academic life in a very positive fashion and is doing very well in college , as I mentioned before .
Quotas for women elected in local governments led to changes in underlying beliefs about the effectiveness of women in government .
For much of recent history , Dhaka was characterised by roadside markets and small shops that sold a wide variety of goods .
In the Indian Super League , Mumbai City FC represents the city ; while in the I-League -LRB- matches in the city are played at the Cooperage Ground -RRB- , the city is represented by two teams : Mumbai FC and Air-India .
Ukiyo-e , as practiced by artists like Shunshō , focused on images of the courtesans and Kabuki actors who were popular in Japan 's cities at the time .
Five months later , Presley 's new girlfriend , Linda Thompson , a songwriter and one-time Memphis beauty queen , moved in with him .
If a Gram stain is performed , MTB either stains very weakly `` Gram-positive '' or does not retain dye as a result of the high lipid and mycolic acid content of its cell wall .
He also rejected a claim Mahlunga , 30 , had been raped by Terre'Blanche and had contracted HIV as a result .
Malaria prophylaxis was shown to improve cognitive function and school performance in clinical trials when compared to placebo groups .
Such plans could potentially involve re-routing aircraft away from Syrian/neighbouring airspace .
Octavian used this to spread propaganda implying that Antony was becoming less than Roman because he rejected a legitimate Roman spouse for an `` Oriental paramour '' .
TZ : Well I think that there are certain talented athletes in the US that are now getting the global sponsors such as Jessica Long being a Visa athlete and having opportunities with Coke .
The formation of the isthmus resulted in the migration and extinction of many land-living animals , known as the Great American Interchange , but the closure of the seaway resulted in a `` Great American Schism '' as it affected ocean currents , salinity , and temperatures in both the Atlantic and Pacific .
, '' Stocking said .
Hillary thus became the first man to stand at both poles and on the summit of Everest .
The singer told his friend : `` I 'm going to put a statement on -LSB- December -RSB- 18th now just to say it was megalolz , I do n't know what everyone is getting so freaked out about . ''
Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .
The Gezer calendar -LRB- named after the city in whose proximity it was found -RRB- is written in an old Semitic script , akin to the Phoenician one that through the Greeks and Etruscans later became the Roman script .
They are more for internal DPRK -LSB- North Korea -RSB- efforts to keep its own population in tune with government policies .
The study was published in journal Nature on Wednesday .
In not doing so , Myers said , they now have `` blood on their hands '' .
So with that said , I would leave it to the states to draw new lines of eligibility and when it comes to this hypothetical kid that you 're talking about that falls into a coma , I 'm believing that state governments will come up with a program to address that kind of individual .
Animals , typically rodents , are often used in cancer research and studies of natural cancers in larger animals may benefit research into human cancer .
One is a young woman named Allie Hyatt who trains in Judo with Willy Cahill , -LSB- whom -RSB- I have also trained with .
The artist most associated with Amsterdam is Rembrandt , whose work , and the work of his pupils , is displayed in the Rijksmuseum .
Linnaeus quickly discovered it was a fake : jaws and clawed feet from weasels and skins from snakes had been glued together .
Senator Dennis Kruse knew about my whip count .
Customers include chains Weatherspoons , Enterprise Inns , and Trust Inns , and airports , cinemas , and leisure centres .
North Korea 's declaration that it is pursuing to enshrine its right to make nuclear weapons in its constitution was coupled with a message that strengthening its economy was a priority .
Most conspicuous among the algae are the seaweeds , multicellular algae that may roughly resemble land plants , but are classified among the brown , red and green algae .
Fall streaks consisting of virga or wisps of cirrus are usually seen beneath the hole as ice crystals fall out to a lower altitude .
To avoid a no-fly zone over parts of Yemen , India transported people via the African state of Djibouti .
For example , from the basic root sh-r-k ` share ' can be derived the Form VIII verb ishtaraka ` to cooperate , participate ' , and in turn its verbal noun ishtirāk ` cooperation , participation ' can be formed .
The following year , he helped organize the world 's first retrospective exhibition of works by Hiroshige , held at the Art Institute of Chicago .
Two reports by the British newspaper The Guardian suggest the U.S. might not wait for the team to finish their investigation .
Finally reaching Shaanxi , they fought off both the KMT and an Islamic cavalry militia before crossing the Min Mountains and Mount Liupan and reaching the Shenshi Soviet ; only 7-8000 had survived .
However , Israel Defense Forces -LRB- IDF -RRB- spokesperson Major Avichay Adraee told the Xinhua News Agency , `` The army will respond strongly to any rockets coming from Gaza .
Reading Tolstoy 's The Kingdom of God Is Within You also convinced Gandhi to avoid violence and espouse nonviolent resistance , a debt Gandhi acknowledged in his autobiography , calling Tolstoy `` the greatest apostle of non-violence that the present age has produced '' .
My 19-year-old daughter Abby , who is a freshman at IUPUI , is going to serve as my campaign manager , and I 'm going to teach her how to do this .
In 1569 there was a major Catholic rising in the North ; the goal was to free Mary , marry her to Thomas Howard , 4th Duke of Norfolk , and put her on the English throne .
Taberlet earned a silver in the Super-G .
We all have our own jobs , to make money and make sure that we can have some equipment .
Such storms can last as little as a few hours or stretch on for centuries .
A similar struggle began in India when the Government of India Act 1919 failed to satisfy demand for independence .
Asian Americans in New York City , according to the 2010 Census , number more than one million , greater than the combined totals of San Francisco and Los Angeles .
The weather reportedly was clear when the crash occurred .
This can be understood in terms of probability .
In the same year , Dvořák visited Brahms on his deathbed and went to his funeral 6 April 1897 .
Gutiérrez received medical attention on-site and in hospital as a precaution , but was uninjured .
* The amazed he ran down the street .
The founder and president of The Minuteman Project , Jim Gilchrist , said his organization consisting of unarmed civilian militia are set to launch efforts to help patrol the US -- Mexico border in coming months .
A small crowd of about 700 was on hand to watch the Capitals play .
The Right Hegelians , the allegedly direct disciples of Hegel at the Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität , advocated a Protestant orthodoxy and the political conservatism of the post-Napoleon Restoration period .
Experts predict 3 -- 5 inches of rain will fall in the area .
A year or two ago there was a naval incident that occurred in the West Sea , but both sides separated quickly , although the North shelled an island claimed by both the DPRK and the ROK .
Damage was also reported in Georgia , where a tornado caused extensive damage in Adairsville , and one person was reported killed .
Furthermore , recent research suggests that soy protein decreases postprandial triglyceride levels , which is increasingly viewed as important for reducing coronary heart disease risk .
It was the first time the event was held at this particular location .
The call number is placed on the spine of the book , normally a short distance before the bottom , and inside .
It included a Velociraptor attacking a Protoceratops , providing evidence that dinosaurs did indeed attack each other .
The diamond supply chain is controlled by a limited number of powerful businesses , and is also highly concentrated in a small number of locations around the world .
In 1716 and 1717 , the Tsar revisited the Netherlands , and went to see Herman Boerhaave .
An Azerbaijani official described the sea as `` a burial ground ... where people die '' .
This was called the German economic miracle or `` Wirtschaftswunder '' .
Earlier splits within the Church occurred after the Council of Ephesus -LRB- 431 -RRB- and the Council of Chalcedon -LRB- 451 -RRB- .
A proposed alternative approach would use a solar sail to attain a Mercury-synchronous orbit around the Sun .
`` Guilt , '' according to Richard von Weizsäcker , `` like innocence , is always a matter for the individual . ''
... man 's new sense of pity began to interfere with the ruthless workings of nature .
The researchers said the culture infects a starfish with bacteria that kill it within just 24 hours and spread by contact with other individuals of the species .
Many of the family Theraphosidae , which includes tarantulas and baboon spiders , have urticating hairs on their abdomens and use their legs to flick them at attackers .
The city of Tyler received just under 35 inches of rainfall in 2012 , about 11 inches less than usual for a one-year period .
In January 2016 , scientists reported that , about 800 million years ago , a minor genetic change in a single molecule called GK-PID may have allowed organisms to go from a single cell organism to one of many cells .
Guevara did not play a key role in the fighting , as one day before the invasion a warship carrying Marines faked an invasion off the West Coast of Pinar del Río and drew forces commanded by Guevara to that region .
Terry Bywater tried a behind the back pass at 4:45 left in the first that resulted in turning the ball over to Getafe .
According to Maurice Glaize , a mid-20th-century conservator of Angkor , the temple `` attains a classic perfection by the restrained monumentality of its finely balanced elements and the precise arrangement of its proportions .
Authorities from Namibia , Angola , Botswana , and South Africa were thanked by the airline for their assistance in the search for the plane .
Only 30 % of the Sun 's ultraviolet light reaches the ground , and almost all of this is well transmitted .
During the summers at Nohant , particularly in the years 1839 -- 43 , Chopin found quiet , productive days during which he composed many works , including his Polonaise in A-flat major , Op. 53 .
The source of most chocolate marketed , forastero cocoas are typically strong in classic `` chocolate '' flavor , but have a short duration and are unsupported by secondary flavors , producing `` quite bland '' chocolate .
The results of engineering activity influence changes to the environment , society and economies , and its application brings with it a responsibility and public safety .
Although England ultimately eclipsed the Netherlands as a colonial power , in the short term the Netherlands ' more advanced financial system and the three Anglo-Dutch Wars of the 17th century left it with a stronger position in Asia .
European Parliament president Martin Schulz said that Europe 's migration policy has `` turned the Mediterranean into a graveyard '' , referring to the number of drowned refugees in the region as a direct result of the policies .
Peters finished the Super-G with a time of 1:18.95 in the men 's sitting group for a 22 place finish in a field of 25 skiers .
George Osborne said : `` The only candidates who will stand for the Conservative party at the election are Conservative candidates -- a sort of statement of the obvious . ''
In recent years , the Italian scene has received only occasional international attention , with movies like Life Is Beautiful directed by Roberto Benigni , Il Postino : The Postman with Massimo Troisi and The Great Beauty directed by Paolo Sorrentino .
Davie , 93 , was known for his colourful abstract paintings .
A judge at Spain 's High Court will question Kolobov , before dealing with the extradition process .
As a result , in 1533 , Suleiman ordered his Grand Vizier Pargalı Ibrahim Pasha to lead an army into eastern Asia Minor where he retook Bitlis and occupied Tabriz without resistance .
A mule can carry an eighth-ton -LSB- 250 pounds -LRB- 113 kg -RRB- -RSB- maximum load over a journey measured in days and weeks , though much more for shorter distances and periods with appropriate rest .
Peptides composed of scores or hundreds of amino acids are referred to as proteins .
The vehicle route led from the biomed lawn of Michael Birt Gadrens in upper Kensington Campus down the University Mall to Anzac Parade with a few stops along the way at Commerce Courtyard and Globe Lawn .
Other satellites included on board were the German AISat , 14 kg ; Canadian NLS7 .1 -LRB- CAN-X4 -RRB- and NLS7 .2 -LRB- CAN-X5 -RRB- , 15 kg each ; and Singaporean VELOX 1 , 7 kg .
We probably had 50 to 100 people turn out at every one of our meetings .
Stocking believes `` it 's a natural instinct to turn away from suffering when you feel you can do nothing to alleviate it . ''
`` We will need to have a look again at what happened , '' he said , `` as Esteban seemed to be off his line coming into turn one -- maybe he missed his braking point , I do n't know -- and by then I was in the corner with nowhere to go '' .
Today , dinitrogen complexes are known for almost all the transition metals , accounting for several hundred compounds .
The government of India 's fiscal year starts on 1 April and ends on 31 March .
They also noted Seth Rogen spoke at a Senate committee rather than a congressional panel ; Rogen 's opening statements are available at C-SPAN .
The reverse obviously happens during exhalation .
A victory in this match ensured the title for Barcelona .
Does the cultural heritage of male-driven narratives make one national team more inherently authentic than the other ?
Armstrong 's marriages never produced any offspring , though he loved children .
The accident has triggered attention from Japanese media ahead of a planned deployment there , and officials at a press conference Friday were keen to stress no mechanical or structural defects were found .
Mathematicians including Jean le Rond d'Alembert had produced false proofs before him , and Gauss 's dissertation contains a critique of d'Alembert 's work .
Writer William Jelani Cobb says `` what made the era they inaugurated worthy of the term golden was the sheer number of stylistic innovations that came into existence ... in these golden years , a critical mass of mic prodigies were literally creating themselves and their art form at the same time '' .
The court was told MacKinnon commenced fighting with Aitchison after a bottle of aftershave he had apparently stolen from MacKinnon dropped out of his pocket .
Members of Parliament and other witnesses inside Centre Block report inside this building the House of Commons Sergeant-at-Arms shot and killed the gunman .
The judge presiding over the case , Judge Pullen said , `` Your repeated violent offending and gravity of that offending provides little to offer the faintest glimmer of hope '' , as the sentence was handed down .
Let 's pause for identification .
There were logistical `` glitches '' in ferrying the public to the stadium which resulted in long waiting times .
Asante and Dahomey concentrated on the development of `` legitimate commerce '' in the form of palm oil , cocoa , timber and gold , forming the bedrock of West Africa 's modern export trade .
Extremely hot weather and strong winds played havoc with the fires early in the week .
Revere Police are urging people to avoid the city until further notice as clean up begins .
On its wall are inscribed 707 digits of π .
The team took an early 6 -- 0 lead .
Increasing volumes of imports from Asia , which previously landed on U.S. West Coast ports , are now passing through the canal to the American East Coast .
They also said that they have interviewed 14 former detainees who allege that they were subjected to abuses ranging from waterboarding , sexual assault , stress positions , beatings , and sleep deprivation .
Note that keyboards used to enter such text may still restrict users to Romanized text , as only ASCII or Latin-alphabet characters may be available .
According to real estate website Zillow , there are currently 1,033 properties in foreclosure in Coral Springs while Commerce Township only has 131 properties currently in foreclosure .
The eggs are retained in or on the parent 's body , but the larvae subsist on the yolks of their eggs and receive no nourishment from the adult .
The suspects , two unnamed male Singaporeans , aged 22 and 23 , were reportedly arrested at a shopping center in Tampines on Friday evening for possession of synthetic cannabis , also known as `` K2 '' .
A ruling is unlikely to be made until June .
Washington presided over the Constitutional Convention in 1787 , which devised a new form of federal government for the United States .
Attempting to develop inventions he could patent and market , Tesla conducted a range of experiments with mechanical oscillators/generators , electrical discharge tubes , and early X-ray imaging .
Partial building and roof collapses along with downed power lines and trees were reported through the city .
The electric fields are caused by collision between airborne particles and by the impacts of saltating sand grains landing on the ground .
e.g. : a `` bet '' with an insurer on whether one 's house will burn down is not gambling , but rather insurance -- as the homeowner has an obvious interest in the continued existence of his/her home independent of the purely financial aspects of the `` bet '' -LRB- i.e. , the insurance policy -RRB- .
Remaining in Mexico between 1530 and 1541 , Cortés quarreled with Nuño Beltrán de Guzmán and disputed the right to explore the territory that is today California with Antonio de Mendoza , the first viceroy .
Introduced to amphetamines by a sergeant while on maneuvers , he became `` practically evangelical about their benefits '' -- not only for energy , but for `` strength '' and weight loss , as well -- and many of his friends in the outfit joined him in indulging .
Sheehan is best known for her active opposition to the War in Iraq following the loss of her son Casey there in 2004 .
Traditional East Asian writing uses the Four Treasures of the Study -LRB- 文房四寶 / 文房四宝 -RRB- : the ink brushes known as máobǐ -LRB- 毛笔 -RRB- to write Chinese characters , Chinese ink , paper , and inkstone , known as the Four Friends of the Study -LRB- Korean : 문방사우 -RRB- in Korea .
This product is also referred to as 3-phosphoglyceraldehyde -LRB- PGAL -RRB- or , more generically , as triose phosphate .
The President said that he views the achievements of the Paralympics above that of the Olympics , that the Paralympics play a vital role in the lives of the athletes .
Yesterday , at 11:00 am local time in Iceland , the National Commissioner of the Icelandic Police declared an `` uncertainty phase '' , the lowest civilian volcanic alert level , for the country 's Hekla stratovolcano which is located on the southern part of island nation .
Quiet operation reduces movement speed and acceleration rates , but at a cost of reduced seek performance .
The head of the Palestinian delegation , Azzam al-Ahmad , said the talks are to be renewed during mid - to late November .
Obama thanked voters via Twitter , posting : `` This happened because of you .
Amsterdam is one of the most bicycle-friendly large cities in the world and is a centre of bicycle culture with good facilities for cyclists such as bike paths and bike racks , and several guarded bike storage garages -LRB- fietsenstalling -RRB- which can be used for a nominal fee .
The group was founded 15 June 1964 by the `` Joint Declaration of the Seventy-Seven Countries '' issued at the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development -LRB- UNCTAD -RRB- .
From all causes , roughly 150,000 people die around the world each day .
According to the skier , many people he knew could only follow the Games by searching for video on sites like YouTube .
Li Xiaoqiang and Wang pressed a series of attacks , which garnered a lot of ooohs from the crowd but nothing on the scoreboard .
The two front-seat passengers as well as the male driver of the Škoda were hospitalised at the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh , although none of their injuries are considered likely to be fatal .
A camel carcass can provide a substantial amount of meat .
The service was arranged by Joe DiMaggio and her business manager Inez Melson .
Selye proposed a unified non-specific approach to many causes of death .
Caitlin de Wit : I ran a little bit , and I rode horses .
Historically , and still in many countries , children born outside marriage suffered severe social stigma and discrimination .
Examples include The Daily Breeze -LRB- serving the South Bay -RRB- , and The Long Beach Press-Telegram .
I want us to start thinking about whether to build a new high-speed rail connection east-west from Manchester to Leeds . ''
In 1137 AH , Shaikh Mohamed Saeed began gathering support for an armed force .
Although wind produced only about 1.5 % of worldwide electricity use in 2009 , it is growing rapidly , having doubled in the three years between 2005 and 2008 .
Analysis of toxic metals and hydrocarbons is based on the investigation of coastal sediments that have accumulated less than 50 meters deep during the last hundred and fifty years .
The mathematical expressions of the laws of physics employ a set of twenty physical constants that appear to be static across the observable universe .
The bryophytes have the ability to secrete a cuticle on their outer surface , a waxy layer that confers resistant to desiccation .
This monument portraying Tesla reading a set of notes was sculpted by Frano Kršinić .
Government troops are attempting to take back Bor , the capital of the state of Jonglei .
The word `` cow '' came via Anglo-Saxon cū -LRB- plural cȳ -RRB- , from Common Indo-European gʷōus -LRB- genitive gʷowés -RRB- = `` a bovine animal '' , compare Persian gâv , Sanskrit go - , Welsh buwch .
During the 1900s , Karachi saw its major beautification project under the mayoral administration of Harchandrai Vishandas .
This made many oil and gas companies to be based in Rio de Janeiro , such as the Brazilian branches of Shell , EBX and Esso .
John Fritchey is quoted in the Chicago Sun-Times as saying of the letter , `` You often run into conflicts when politics and religion intersect .
The Oubangui people of west Africa plant a tree when a child is born .
Johnson , who was second behind Keselowski in the Drivers ' Championship before the event , collided into the wall halfway through the race after leading 44 laps before the caution was given for Aric Almirola 's crash on lap 123 .
Given the difficulty of finding exact solutions , Einstein 's field equations are also solved frequently by numerical integration on a computer , or by considering small perturbations of exact solutions .
The music video has influenced numerous parody versions , including one called `` Mitt Romney Style '' , which was created in the run-up to the 2012 United States presidential election .
One method is evolutionary robotics , in which a number of differing robots are submitted to tests .
He also believed that Japan -LRB- which he called `` Cipangu '' , following Marco Polo -RRB- was much larger , farther to the east from China -LRB- `` Cathay '' -RRB- , and closer to the equator than it is , and that there were inhabited islands even farther to the east than Japan , including the mythical Antillia , which he thought might lie not much farther to the west than the Azores .
She also pointed out Unite is yet to decide dates for the strike ; Unite has described `` one final chance '' to resolve the dispute .
In some places the wind has carved holes or arches and in others it has created mushroom-like pillars narrower at the base than the top .
At the time of Holloway 's departure Millwall sat in 23rd position of the Football League Championship , the second tier of English football .
Current Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett mandated state flags be flown at half staff until the evening of Leader 's burial .
Issac also recalled a camping trip with Bourque : `` A few people from work went camping one weekend , and he came , and brought his rifle with him , which he held onto the whole night while drinking .
The accident occurred when the car hit the cyclist on the B800 road at approximately 1000 UTC yesterday .
In addition it is estimated that about 200,000 Welsh speakers live in England .
Wang then made a spectacular shot which missed the goal .
Other invertebrates may have no rigid structures but the epidermis may secrete a variety of surface coatings such as the pinacoderm of sponges , the gelatinous cuticle of cnidarians -LRB- polyps , sea anemones , jellyfish -RRB- and the collagenous cuticle of annelids .
The Coptic Orthodox Church stated they were `` confident '' justice would be done on those who executed their followers .
Ardossi attempted a long shot , which failed , but a turnover saw Cosier score , assisted by Hunt .
Shops in Amsterdam range from large high end department stores such as De Bijenkorf founded in 1870 to small specialty shops .
Two of his most famous works , published after his first premiership brought his international fame to new heights , were his six-volume memoir The Second World War and A History of the English-Speaking Peoples ; a four-volume history covering the period from Caesar 's invasions of Britain -LRB- 55 BC -RRB- to the beginning of the First World War -LRB- 1914 -RRB- .
In July 1187 Saladin captured most of the Kingdom of Jerusalem .
Also , to be protected against rain-bearing weather systems by the atmospheric circulation itself , the desert is made even drier by his geographical configuration and location .
Congress was not in session during the attack but are returning from recess tomorrow .
The first reference to coffee in the English language is in the form chaona , dated to 1598 and understood to be a misprint of chaoua , equivalent , in the orthography of the time , to chaova .
Instead of using his full name , he signed the bills solely `` Che '' .
During August the Imperial Japanese forces remained inactive as the Viet Minh and other nationalist groups took over public buildings and weapons , which began the August Revolution .
Prior to the start of the game , both team 's fans made themselves heard with Australian supporters chanting `` Aussie !
President Obama has said the U.S. would not use ground combat troops , but some senior military figures have suggested Islamic State may not be stopped by air strikes alone -- of which the U.S. have used 150 over the past month .
The five former leaders all attended Whitlam 's state funeral in November of last year .
The two square-roots , divided by the additive or the subtractive , are the additive rupas .
Ricardo Menéndez , vice president of the Productive Economic Area , said Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez has yearned for the creation of this project to empower Venezuelan construction .
In the Dàtóng shū -LRB- 大同書 / 大同书 -RRB- it is defined as `` to form one body with all things '' and `` when the self and others are not separated ... compassion is aroused '' .
Attempting to respond , Mexico missed two shots before scoring then , on the next play , allowed Amanda Carter to steal the ball , which led to Amber Merritt scoring again .
Players took the opportunity to re-hydrate .
The situation is far from over as Sterling is refusing to sell the team , and the other teams have lobbied against him to force him to sell .
It is a relatively simple measurement of an event 's amplitude , and its use has become minimal in the 21st century .
From this , Wittgenstein concluded that people apply the term game to a range of disparate human activities that bear to one another only what one might call family resemblances .
On 26 December 1941 , Churchill addressed a joint meeting of the US Congress , asking of Germany and Japan , `` What kind of people do they think we are ? ''
Morgan gave a statement : `` In early November I was asked to attend an interview by officers from Operation Weeting when I was next in the UK .
Unopposed access to the Indian spice routes boosted the economy of the Portuguese Empire , which was previously based along northern and coastal West Africa .
The Spaniards were committed to convert their native subjects to Christianity and were quick to purge any native cultural practices that hindered this end ; however , many initial attempts at this were only partially successful , as native groups simply blended Catholicism with their established beliefs and practices .
At the age of 10 , Brahms made his debut as a performer in a private concert including Beethoven 's quintet for piano and winds Op. 16 and a piano quartet by Mozart .
The people that want Common Weal politics , all of us first politics , I 'm meeting them everywhere .
He said the independent campaign by Paul Baggaley had got a lot of support , and `` a lot of our voters had transferred to vote against UKIP to make sure UKIP did n't get elected '' .
Systems in equilibrium are much simpler and easier to understand than are systems which are not in equilibrium .
In addition , people were to be offered Tame Impala , Of Montreal , and Albert Hammond , Jr. .
One systemic definition of life is that living things are self-organizing and autopoietic -LRB- self-producing -RRB- .
-LSB- ... -RSB- At Heathrow Airport alone , millions of people attempt to enter the UK every year .
The Greeks of the sixth and early fifth centuries BCE understood by the works of `` Homer '' , generally , `` the whole body of heroic tradition as embodied in hexameter verse '' .
In the wake of the First World War , the Russian monarchy fell during the Russian Revolution .
Indonesian police found the two ships reportedly forcibly towed back from Australia on December 19 , and on January 6 after being towed on New Year 's Day .
The FNA copied The Onion 's article verbatim and in its entirety , excluding part of a sentence saying Ahmadinejad was `` a man who has repeatedly denied the Holocaust and has had numerous political prisoners executed '' .
The hyphae of the fungus can link different trees and a network is formed , transferring nutrients from one place to another .
A real definition describes the essence of certain objects and enable us to determine whether any given item falls within the definition .
When the weight of this is added to the weight of the aircraft structure , it adds up to the same weight as the air that the craft displaces .
This could be seen as a signature of `` quantum friction '' but we need to look more closely .
The site was distrained .
Five people died in one protest on November 30 .
Academic journal Science published research this week claiming that modern Indo-European languages originated in Turkey , around 9,000 years ago .
For example , suicide rates have been found to be greater in households with firearms than those without them .
Since in principle the induction rule can be applied repeatedly starting from the proved base case , we see that all -LRB- usually infinitely many -RRB- cases are provable .
In the 20th century , newer suburbs developed north of the Barada , and to some extent to the south , invading the Ghouta oasis .
In her memoir , ` Joni Mitchell : In her own words , ' released last year , the folk artist describes her experiences with the disease saying , `` All the time it felt like I was being eaten alive by parasites living under my skin .
Yinon 's girlfriend was playing in the orchestra when he collapsed .
Others can offload part of their cargo onto a canal-owned boat to reduce their draft , transit , and reload at the other end of the canal .
Paid a low wage , Mao lived in a cramped room with seven other Hunanese students , but believed that Beijing 's beauty offered `` vivid and living compensation '' .
It has been suggested that the electric field that arises between a charged bee and a grounded flower may be responsible for increasing the efficiency of pollen transfer between the two .
Santayana wrote that Nietzsche 's work was `` an emendation of that of Schopenhauer .
Monotheism has been defined as the belief in the existence of only one god that created the world , is all-powerful and interferes in the world .
But it does not seem to be a clear-cut legal case for intervention and everyone understands that this is Russia smarting over the loss of an ally in Yanukovich and guarding its own back yard interests .
In addition , Che began to write his book Guerrilla Warfare while resting at Tarara .
The patent for his receiving tube had been granted the previous October .
New development includes several high-end residential developments .
With the post having a retirement age of 70 , it is expected to see her serve one of the longest terms for the office .
The Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution found small amounts of radioactive caesium isotopes along the coast of North America , reported early this month .
On their website , NATO outlined four areas where the alliance would provide support for Ukraine , `` rehabilitation for injured troops , cyber defence , logistics , and command and control and communications '' , with assistance expected to have a monetary value of about 15 million euros -LRB- about US$ 19 million -RRB- .
Chants of `` Jay Jay Jay '' could be heard from the pier as onlookers watched water being splashed about into the air by the hundreds of people perched on their surfboards .
In March 2013 , data reported by researchers in October 2012 , was published .
Keynes went on to reassemble an estimated half of Newton 's collection of papers on alchemy before donating his collection to Cambridge University in 1946 .
But experts say long-term needle exchange programs are needed .
The Israeli military claimed that armed militants were using the buildings to store and fire rockets towards Israel .
Determinacy refers to the fact that , under appropriate assumptions , certain two-player games of perfect information are determined from the start in the sense that one player must have a winning strategy .
This can be seen in both gram positive and gram negative bacteria .
The Persian poet Rumi , who was born in present-day Afghanistan , has become one of the most widely read poets in the United States , thanks largely to the interpretative translations published by Coleman Barks .
He continued to work at the station for about 25 years , gaining the nickname ` Mr Border ' as a result .
On social media , the hashtag #dumpstoli is being used to draw attention to the boycott and protests .
Limbs may be exposed for much longer if breathing is not impaired .
Bibby , who had still not scored , was knocked down in a bone crunching collision with an opponent .
Well if public opinion has truly changed then it was in their interest to pass this through the legislature and send it to the people themselves for an up or down vote were the referendum would be defeated and the issue would forever be gone and dealt with .
Elongation is associated with swimming .
The driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following fatal injury of two elderly women when the coach reportedly hit a wall .
These include hyperinflation , stagflation , recession , high unemployment , shortages of imported goods , inability to export goods , and even total monetary collapse and the adoption of a much less efficient barter economy .
, `` Why is it always the poor , the disabled , and immigrants who get the blame ? ''
These receptors belong to the nuclear receptor family of ligand-activated transcription factors .
Some authors , however , continue to use the term Muhammadanism as a technical term for the religious system as opposed to the theological concept of Islam that exists within that system .
Tuesday in La Molina , Spain , the president of Governmental Railways of Catalonia , Enric Ticó , and the mayor of Alp , Ramon Moliner , were gifted with flags by representatives of the International Paralympic Committee -LRB- IPC -RRB- and Catalan Government at a ceremony in Colet Museum of Barcelona at one of the first official events ahead of the 2013 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championship , which starts next week .
The son of a stonemason , he received a technical education and became a military engineer .
Lord Sebastian Coe , head of the British Olympic Association , also rejected the call for a boycott or relocation : `` only damage one group of people , and that is the athletes .
In 2015 , the IAEA reported that worldwide there were 67 civil fission-electric power reactors under construction in 15 countries including Gulf states such as the United Arab Emirates -LRB- UAE -RRB- .
Communist thought has also been traced back to the works of the 16th-century English writer Thomas More .
North Sydney is dominated by advertising , marketing businesses and associated trades , with many large corporations holding office in the region .
Robert Hooke , Ole Borch , Mikhail Lomonosov , and Pierre Bayen all produced oxygen in experiments in the 17th and the 18th century but none of them recognized it as a chemical element .
He has recently been featuring as an association football commentator on BBC Radio 5 Live , although the corporation said he was not scheduled to present at the station this weekend .
For best results , though , an inoculum of the correct strain of bacteria should be mixed with the soybean -LRB- or any legume -RRB- seed before planting .
In June , Linnaeus moved from Celsius ' house to Rudbeck 's to become the tutor of the three youngest of his 24 children .
The Picasso Administration functions as his official Estate .
French forces in Southern Germany had been defeated by the Archduke Charles in 1796 , but the Archduke withdrew his forces to protect Vienna after learning about Napoleon 's assault .
Police said the motive for the attack has not been established .
In a press conference late Saturday , Kiska thanked his voters and supporters , before vowing : `` As the president I will stand up for the people , for every decent person of our country .
By tilting the rotor forward , the downward flow is tilted backward , producing thrust for forward flight .
The deaths are described as self-immolations , where a person or persons set themselves on fire as a form of protest , often resulting in death .
A similar periodic variation , with maxima at the solstices , has been noted in microwave measurements of the deep troposphere begun in the 1960s .
The government is required to release the documents within 30 days , although it is possible some of the contents may be redacted .
During the 1996 season , 15 people died while climbing on Mount Everest .
The World Wide Web Consortium -LRB- W3C -RRB- was founded by Tim Berners-Lee after he left the European Organization for Nuclear Research -LRB- CERN -RRB- in October 1994 .
The constitution recognises Islam as the religion of Tunisia but also includes provisions guaranteeing freedom of conscience and equality between men and women .
Those pictures are a drop in the ocean compared to the tens of thousands of other pictures of the crossing that have ... promoted Oxford St as one of the best LGBT tourism destinations in the world . ''
The cost of sanctions on Iran and minimal funds are also causing concern .
Implementing a Tax System that allows working Americans making under $ 250,000 to keep all of their money .
This arrangement , in which lanthanum is the first member of the f-block , is disputed by some authors since lanthanum lacks any f-electrons .
This monopoly meant that the government was in a position to directly influence broadcast news .
A player who reaches first base safely on a hit is credited with a single .
Delectorskaya attempted suicide by shooting herself in the chest ; remarkably , she survived with no serious after-effects , and instead returned to the now-single Matisse and worked with him for the rest of his life , running his household , paying the bills , typing his correspondence , keeping meticulous records , assisting in the studio and coordinating his business affairs .
Erotic Italian thrillers , or giallos , produced by directors such as Mario Bava and Dario Argento in the 1970s , also influenced the horror genre worldwide .
Mario : Right , and the greatest thing with the internet , it 's kind of like the way radio was back in the day , where you have a lot of different voice comin ' up , you can hear a lot of different opinions , a lot of different sides to things that you would n't normally -LSB- have -RSB- heard .
Being an irrational number , π can not be expressed exactly as a fraction -LRB- equivalently , its decimal representation never ends and never settles into a permanent repeating pattern -RRB- .
Many tweeted prayers and well wishes ; one of them being rocker Billy Idol .
The highly eusocial corbiculate Apidae appeared roughly 87 Mya , and the Allodapini -LRB- within the Apidae -RRB- around 53 Mya .
The attack by John W. Hinckley Jr. also injured three more people , including President Reagan .
President Dilma Rousseff expressed her condolences upon hearing the news , saying : `` In this hour of pain of suffering , I want to extend my sympathies to the families and friends who have lost their dear ones . ''
Newton showed that if the force decreased as the inverse square of the distance , one could indeed calculate the Moon 's orbital period , and get good agreement .
Ahn revealed the promise in a campaign book released this Monday .
Vegetarians choose to forgo food from animal sources to varying degrees .
Projects investigating Turkish dialects are being carried out by several universities , as well as a dedicated work group of the Turkish Language Association .
This the third national monument Obama has created , without an Act of Congress , using authority granted to the President under the 1906 Antiquities Act .
The chemistry of the lanthanides mirrors many aspects of chemistry seen for aluminium .
Dana Lafayette represented the local mental healthcare provider for the county .
A nominal definition explains the meaning of a linguistic expression .
Ban criticized Israel for the civilian death toll saying , `` While I was en route to Doha , dozens more civilians , including children , have been killed in Israeli military strikes in the Shejaiyah neighborhood in Gaza -LSB- ... -RSB- I condemn this atrocious action .
Economists are predicting the first quarter of 2013 -LRB- January -- March -RRB- will have an annual growth rate about 2.5 % .
A spokesperson for the Australian Assistant Minister for Infrastructure and Regional Development , Warren Truss , announced plans this week to close four mainland immigration detention facilities -- Scherger , at RAAF Scherger , Queensland ; Leonora , in Leonora , Western Australia ; Port Augusta , in Port Augusta , South Australia ; and Inverbrackie facilities in Woodside , the Adelaide Hills , South Australia -- by the end of February .
But , it was announced that fares will be revised twice a year to absorb fuel costs .
The study concluded that human selection for domestic traits likely counteracted the homogenizing effect of gene flow from wild boars and created domestication islands in the genome .
Ryanair had told pilots anybody signing a `` so-called safety petition '' might be dismissed .
Cygnus belonged to the rival Orbital Sciences Corporation .
One of the guys at council said `` we 've got an old copy of DataEase .
They also recommend that everyone over age six months receive a flu vaccination .
In 1942 , de Gaulle created the Normandie-Niemen squadron , a Free French Air Force regiment , in order to fight on the Eastern Front .
Two scores in the 8 range kept her out of the top through all ten rounds .
In 1964 in Brazil , Paulo Freire was arrested and exiled for teaching peasants to read .
It was also believed that the royal house of the previous dynasty Zhou had ruled by the power of fire , which was the colour red .
The Yangtze River plays a large role in the history , culture and economy of China .
We are in mourning because this accident happened on our territory '' .
At the 3:24 mark , Spanish international Almudena Montiel entered the game for the first time following a timeout .
The normally upbeat program guide advised that `` a Capitals win tonight is not out of the question '' .
He also succeeded in secretly enabling a number of Jewish scientists to continue working in institutes of the KWG for several years .
The term scabbard applies to the cover for the sword blade when not in use .
Camel meat is reported to taste like coarse beef , but older camels can prove to be very tough , although camel meat becomes more tender the more it is cooked .
The long boom following World War II induced another massive migration of the African-American population , the Second Great Migration , which was accompanied by a significant increase of the real income of the urban blacks .
BCE will be required to keep running all of its local TV stations while maintaining their current levels of local programming .
However , they sought to prevent concerns by possible witnesses by publicizing their intent to conduct tests .
This includes using women 's self-help groups focused on taking best practices from research and applying them in farming in the state of Orissa .
Getafe sent ONCE to the free throw line at 2:31 but ONCE was unable to make either basket .
And then I met Bobby Cox , the then commissioner of the IHSAA , and I told him , `` I 'll table this proposal , but let 's see what the public has to say . ''
Towards the end of the 12th century , Angkor Wat gradually transformed from a Hindu centre of worship to Buddhism , which continues to the present day .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- Law : Senator Delph , your opposition to same-sex marriage and your public expression of love for your brother Stephen has us wondering about how you reconcile what seems to some as contradictory stances .
Just as Roman letters have a characteristic shape -LRB- lower-case letters mostly occupying the x-height , with ascenders or descenders on some letters -RRB- , Chinese characters occupy a more or less square area in which the components of every character are written to fit in order to maintain a uniform size and shape , especially with small printed characters in Ming and sans-serif styles .
Lincoln wrote , `` I think I am a Whig , but others say there are no Whigs , and that I am an abolitionist -LSB- ... -RSB- I do no more than oppose the extension of slavery . ''
The French Revolution differed from other revolutions in being not merely national , for it aimed at benefiting all humanity .
Consequently , the physics of matter forming a supermassive black hole is much better understood and the possible alternative explanations for supermassive black hole observations are much more mundane .
The rest are the result of radioactive decay , and their relative proportion can be used to determine the age of the Earth through radiometric dating .
A current example of such a state is Malaysia where the Yang di-Pertuan Agong is elected every five years by the Conference of Rulers composed of the nine hereditary rulers of the Malay states , and the Vatican City-State , where the pope is selected by cardinal-electors , currently all cardinals under a specific age .
The concept of using technology in a way that bridges the digital with the physical world , providing unique interactive experiences for the user has also been referred to as `` Phygital . ''
In 1666 , Isaac Newton observed the Sun 's light using a prism , and showed that it is made up of light of many colors .
Five men pleaded not guilty yesterday to the rape and murder of a 23-year-old Delhi student .
She was left out a little bit because I 'd be with the guys for many many hours .
Water hardness is classified based on concentration of calcium carbonate the water contains .
The remaining surfaces are inlaid in delicate detail with semi-precious stones forming twining vines , fruits and flowers .
Peace movements emerged in Japan and in 1954 they converged to form a unified `` Japanese Council Against Atomic and Hydrogen Bombs '' .
His brilliance was put into practice at Bletchley Park during the Second World War where he was pivotal to breaking the Enigma code , helping to end the war and save thousands of lives .
The bill received only 54 of the required 60 votes to proceed , despite strong public support for tighter gun control in the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting last year .
The airline says RPG only conducted their survey to unionise Ryanair pilots and issued a statement describing the documentary as `` based on nothing more than anonymous hearsay claims made by individuals whose identity was concealed , and/or by representatives of pilot unions of Ryanair 's competitor airlines masquerading as a non-Ryanair Pilot Group '' .
The canopy forms a shady , protective `` umbrella '' over the rest of the forest .
Media photos showed University of Michigan coach John Beilen congratulating Hatch .
The incident leading to Clarkson 's suspension reportedly occurred after an argument with a producer .
Wait , we forgot to mention one .
Furthermore , the designer tries to shape the dam so if one were to consider the part of dam above any particular height to be a whole dam itself , that dam also would be held in place by gravity .
Liberia and Sierra Leone are both reported to have deployed soldiers to limit travel within these countries , with many residents reported to be worried about the effect on their trade and incomes .
A few defend themselves against wasps by including networks of very robust threads in their webs , giving the spider time to flee while the wasps are struggling with the obstacles .
For instance , the number 3 can be represented as the class of all sets that have exactly three elements .
The Cedar Park Wal-Mart was closed down briefly on Sunday morning ; however , no staff or customers were injured .
Scientists at Chicago 's Field Museum and New York 's American Museum of Natural History have discovered three new species of yellow-shouldered bats , genus Sturnira , in the Neotropics .
The bombings resulted in the deaths of approximately 200,000 civilians and military personnel from acute injuries sustained from the explosions .
Former Governor Daniels for instance received almost $ 200,000 dollars .
The muscles of the colon then move the watery waste material forward and slowly absorb all the excess water , causing the stools to gradually solidify as they move along into the descending colon .
I try to listen to everybody , anybody in my district who has an issue or concern or wants to talk to me or tell me what they think about anything , always gets my ear .
In Norse mythology , a bloody , four-eyed dog called Garmr guards Helheim .
In the late 1990s and early 2000s , the economies of China and India have been growing rapidly , both with an average annual growth rate of more than 8 % .
A protest at the San Francisco City Hall took place on Tuesday , where vodka was dumped into the sewers .
They also construct a bolas made of a single thread , tipped with a large ball of very wet sticky silk .
The study framework , which came to be called the Collier -- Hoeffler Model , examined 78 five-year increments when civil war occurred from 1960 to 1999 , as well as 1,167 five-year increments of `` no civil war '' for comparison , and subjected the data set to regression analysis to see the effect of various factors .
The official nomination of Romney is the conclusion of the Republican presidential nomination process , which began with the Iowa caucuses on January 3 .
Kepler was born on December 27 , the feast day of St John the Evangelist , 1571 , in the Free Imperial City of Weil der Stadt -LRB- now part of the Stuttgart Region in the German state of Baden-Württemberg , 30 km west of Stuttgart 's center -RRB- .
The current New Zealand flag is partially based on the United Kingdom 's flag ; the new one would be unique to New Zealand .
In other communications , Watkins planned to turn the life of the other defendant 's child into `` a life of filth '' .
Gay and lesbian couples have been allowed since 2005 to form civil partnerships .
People with neurological findings on exam , such as weakness , also need further workup .
He also pledged to protect freedom of the press in Sri Lanka , stating he had ordered news websites to be unblocked by the country 's Telecommunication Regulation Commission .
During the match , the competitors moved off the mat several times .
Authorities announced yesterday that last month approximately 687 endangered pig-nosed turtles were seized at the Sorkarno-Hatta International Airport in the Indonesian capital city of Jakarta .
Although naturally occurring penicillins such as penicillin G -LRB- produced by Penicillium chrysogenum -RRB- have a relatively narrow spectrum of biological activity , a wide range of other penicillins can be produced by chemical modification of the natural penicillins .
Mr. Romney criticized his opponent for visiting the Middle East on an `` apology tour '' , and said he would be tougher with Iran .
The company 's position is predicated on respecting diversity , even if it potentially impacts Starbucks earnings .
RSPB Scotland 's Duncan Orr-Ewing called the sentence a `` historic , landmark result '' and `` a turning point , sending a clear message to those determined to flout our laws '' .
It consists of greyish to dark grey or white , parallel laminated and bedded , Ordovician limestone inter layered with subordinate beds of recrystallised dolomite with argillaceous laminae and siltstone .
So while we have taken steps in this parliament to strengthen the ability to do that through the FOI act , if there needs to be more done to make that clear , then the prime minister is clear those steps should happen in the next parliament . ''
In a list of major cultural figures influenced by Wagner , Bryan Magee includes D. H. Lawrence , Aubrey Beardsley , Romain Rolland , Gérard de Nerval , Pierre-Auguste Renoir , Rainer Maria Rilke and numerous others .
Potentially , an angle denoted , say , ∠ BAC might refer to any of four angles : the clockwise angle from B to C , the anticlockwise angle from B to C , the clockwise angle from C to B , or the anticlockwise angle from C to B , where the direction in which the angle is measured determines its sign -LRB- see Positive and negative angles -RRB- .
`` We 've not -LSB- yet -RSB- made a formal decision , '' Lyon noted , but the company `` supports all of these groups and will give very serious consideration in ensuring that our donations have a strong impact . ''
While at university , Gauss independently rediscovered several important theorems .
The latter three circuits also have adults competing in them .
Following this , Polly and Molly were the first mammals to be simultaneously cloned and transgenic .
The Prado housed paintings by Diego Velázquez , Francisco Goya , and Francisco Zurbarán .
Dust from as far away as west Texas covered vehicles and other property early Thursday morning in the eastern part of the state .
Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
SpaceX 's F9R test vehicle self-destructed yesterday during a test flight at their McGregor , Texas test facility .
He reaches parts of the voting public that other people do n't reach .
The first big strike-wave in the Ruhr occurred in early 1947 -- it was about food rations and housing , but soon there were demands for nationalisation .
The press release is introduced by the president and founding member of the journalistic association , Fernando Campos , who was honored last month at his homeland the Dominican Republic with the Award of Journalistic Merit by Acroarte , the Association of Art Critics of the Dominican Republic .
Wittels , from Texas , started work on Parks and Recreation as a writer before being promoted to producer and eventually executive producer .
According to the Federal Aviation Administration -LRB- FAA -RRB- , the plane was in line with runway 14 at the airport .
Fluke was a featured speaker on September 5 , 2012 at the 2012 Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina .
In multicellular organisms -LRB- and also in multinucleate ciliates -RRB- , with a Weismannist development , that is , with a division of labor between mortal somatic -LRB- body -RRB- cells and `` immortal '' germ -LRB- reproductive -RRB- cells , death becomes an essential part of life , at least for the somatic line .
This was the notion that because some prominent person in the past said something must be so , then that was the way it was , and anything one observed to the contrary was an anomaly -LRB- which was paralleled by a similar shift in European society in general -- see Copernicus 's rejection of Ptolemy 's theories on astronomy -RRB- .
Nationally , complaints reached a high of 5,840 for January 2013 , 1,107 more than the next highest month of April 2013 .
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes `` journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects . ''
British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted : `` I condemn the shootings in Copenhagen .
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has referenced independent studies that suggest the Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the disease to Haiti .
A trade facilitation agreement , part of the Bali Package of decisions , was agreed by all members on 7 December 2013 , the first comprehensive agreement in the organization 's history .
This was soon followed by the fall of Communism in Europe .
Lee Kuan Yew , the first Prime Minister of Singapore , has died at the age of 91 .
According to Amanda Terkel at the Huffington Post , Republican members of the United States House of Representatives have put closing the CFPB on their wish list of items in negotiating for a new debt ceiling limit .
Curtis Cooper , a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri , has discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25 .
But there 's no question that that was a hard-fought campaign , and the way that it ended was less than favorable .
The compositional style of these early works was conventional -- the relatively more sophisticated Rienzi showing the clear influence of Grand Opera à la Spontini and Meyerbeer -- and did not exhibit the innovations that would mark Wagner 's place in musical history .
The male solitary wasp in the genus Eumenes is smaller than the female , so the mother of one species supplies him with only five caterpillars ; the larger female receives ten caterpillars in her cell .
Yang Haifei , a local resident , told Xinhua the attackers rushed in and began attacking people while he was buying a ticket .
One variation on this topic is activism by postconsumers , with the strategic emphasis on moving beyond addictive consumerism .
It is also alleged to have pledged upwards of # 3 million into tobacco firms .
A Fatah spokesperson added they had been expecting the unity government `` to cater to the interests of our nation '' .
While his assertion was not initially well-received , later intensive field studies of fossil beds lent weight to his claim .
Gasoline engines take in a mixture of air and gasoline and compress it by the movement of the piston from bottom dead center to top dead center when the fuel is at maximum compression .
Matsumura 's style would later become the Shōrin-ryū style .
The podium was rounded out by Sergio Pérez in third , claiming Force India 's second-ever podium finish off the back of a failure to even start in Malaysia with a gearbox malfunction .
He went on to work for Carlisle-based Border Television , which is now called ITV Border , from its inception in 1961 .
Containing contributions from prominent European Marxists , Iskra was smuggled into Russia , becoming the country 's most successful underground publication for 50 years .
That would entail a background check and a Social Security card so that applicable taxes would get paid .
Apart from the mathematics needed when engineering buildings , architects use geometry : to define the spatial form of a building ; from the Pythagoreans of the sixth century BC onwards , to create forms considered harmonious , and thus to lay out buildings and their surroundings according to mathematical , aesthetic and sometimes religious principles ; to decorate buildings with mathematical objects such as tessellations ; and to meet environmental goals , such as to minimise wind speeds around the bases of tall buildings .
Australia comes second with 7 gold , and the Ukraine is third with 6 gold medals .
Politicians who signed the letter included Chicago 46th ward alderman James Cappleman , Cook County Commissioner John Fritchey , City Clerk Susana Mendoza , Chicago aldermen Proco Moreno and Chicago 40th ward alderman Patrick J. O'Connor , retired Cook County Judge Maureen Durkin Roy , Chicago 25th ward alderman Daniel Solis and Cook County Commissioner Larry Suffredin .
The exploration of the Americas revealed large numbers of new plants and animals that needed descriptions and classification .
We 've lost the King .
A bus carrying 60 passengers to a religious event in the Santa Catarina state of Brazil plunged over a cliff on Saturday evening .
Al-Azhar University , based in Cairo , is considered the leading authority of Sunni Islam worldwide .
Later in 1932 Colombia and Peru entered a short armed conflict for possession in the Amazon .
The college gives Master of Arts in Teaching degrees .
The anglicized word ` Sikhism ' is derived from the Punjabi verb Sikhi , with roots in Sikhana -LRB- to learn -RRB- , and Sikhi connotes the `` temporal path of learning '' .
The emergence of civilization is generally associated with the Neolithic , or Agricultural Revolution , which occurred in various locations between 8,000 and 5,000 BCE , specifically in southwestern/southern Asia , northern/central Africa and Central America .
There is no better illustration of this than in Hyacinthe Rigaud 's frequently-reproduced Portrait of Louis XIV of 1701 , in which a 63-year-old Louis appears to stand on a set of unnaturally young legs .
Roughly 300 protesters turned up yesterday for the return of Nigel Farage , leader of the UK Independence Party , to Edinburgh after last year 's disastrous attempt at a press conference in a pub at the foot of The Canongate .
The propaganda war that accompanied World War II invariably depicted the enemy in unflattering terms .
The thralls or servants took care of most of the daily chores , while the Jarls engaged in administration , politics , hunting , sports , paid visits to other Jarls or were abroad on expeditions .
I have friends that I went to college with that I have suggested could be friends with my brothers -- several of my brothers quite candidly -- and in this case , I had a friend from college , who at the time had recently told me that he was gay .
There was a tendency to assign American motives to Vietnamese actions , though Diệm warned that it was an illusion to believe that blindly copying Western methods would solve Vietnamese problems .
On her right side stands emperor John II Comnenus , represented in a garb embellished with precious stones .
He discovered Joule 's first law in 1841 , that the heat which is evolved by the proper action of any voltaic current is proportional to the square of the intensity of that current , multiplied by the resistance to conduction which it experiences .
In remarks to Sky News , he said , `` I want to do what we reasonably can to protect Australian citizens , Australian interests and Australian values , and there is a very strong community of interests and values between the United States and Australia and our other principal allies '' .
The formation of a strong international law regime and norms against territorial aggression is strongly associated with the dramatic drop in the number of interstate wars , though it has also been attributed to the effect of the Cold War or to the changing nature of economic development .
London , England -- In Tuesday night 's wheelchair fencing , at London 's ExCeL North Arena 2 , men 's individual foil category B , Marco Cima of Italy faced Alim Latreche of France in the battle for the bronze .
His Critique of the Gotha Programme opposed the tendency of his followers Wilhelm Liebknecht and August Bebel to compromise with the state socialism of Ferdinand Lassalle in the interests of a united socialist party .
In 2015 , independent researchers P.J. Gott and Logan Licht reported evidence they discovered that suggests the books of the New Testament were written in `` enigmatical modes of expression , '' the method Philo the Alexandrian Jew attributes to the Essene sect of Judaism .
The 24-year-old Chris Hardman was found dead at an address in Lowestoft , Suffolk .
Many of his most prominent pupils or followers in painting either knew or worked with him in Milan , including Bernardino Luini , Giovanni Antonio Boltraffio and Marco d'Oggiono .
In 2011 the International Energy Agency halved its prior estimate of new generating capacity to be built by 2035 .
Besides nonviolent resistance , the two men shared a common belief in the merits of vegetarianism , the subject of several of Tolstoy 's essays .
Many kinds of power plant have been used to drive propellers .
The typical fording depth for MBTs is approximately 1 m -LRB- 3.3 ft -RRB- , being limited by the height of the engine air intake and driver 's position .
Blank : It is too soon to know what we are going to see but a proxy war is one possibility as is a direct confrontation between NATO and Russia -LRB- note I did not say war -RRB- .
Arundhati Bhattacharya , the chairperson of SBI , made the proposal at a Gem & Jewellery Export Promotion Council event held in Mumbai on Saturday .
An official statement was released by club chairman John Berylson .
The Sultan also played a role in protecting the Jewish subjects of his empire for centuries to come .
2007 and 2008 eventually saw the world reach new levels of wealth gap inequality that rivalled the years of 1928 and 1929 .
-LRB- -LRB- Hawkeye7 -RRB- -RRB- You kept on all holding them out , where they were n't even getting across the centre line
There is a gradual method and there is an instant method , the gradual method slowly guides the growing tip along predetermined path ways over time where as the instant method bends and weaves saplings 2 to 3 m -LRB- 6.6 to 9.8 ft -RRB- long into a shape that becomes more rigid as they thicken up .
I 'm delighted by the happy news that they 're expecting another baby . ''
The liver is the second largest organ -LRB- after the skin -RRB- and is an accessory digestive gland which plays a role in the body 's metabolism .
Caloundra scored their first try right on half time .
In the late Middle Ages , the overwhelming majority of poetry was written in Latin , and therefore accessible only to affluent and educated audiences .
By the middle of the 20th century , heart disease had surpassed infectious disease as the leading cause of death in the United States , and it is currently the leading cause of deaths worldwide .
In addition to the major papers , numerous local periodicals serve immigrant communities in their native languages , including Armenian , English , Korean , Persian , Russian , Chinese , Japanese , Hebrew , and Arabic .
Caffeine withdrawal from chronic use causes consistent effects typical of physical dependence , including headaches , mood changes and the possibility of reduced cerebral blood flow .
Aerostats use buoyancy to float in the air in much the same way that ships float on the water .
Post-war , the victorious countries , most notably Britain , gradually restored gold-convertibility , but international flows of gold via bills of exchange remained embargoed ; international shipments were made exclusively for bilateral trades or to pay war reparations .
Misuse of statistics can produce subtle , but serious errors in description and interpretation -- subtle in the sense that even experienced professionals make such errors , and serious in the sense that they can lead to devastating decision errors .
After his early 2010 election as President Yanukovych stated -LRB- on 9 March 2010 -RRB- that `` Ukraine will continue to promote the Ukrainian language as its only state language '' .
Taking pictures of the lights '' .
The Beatles ' Ringo Starr also wrote , `` God bless BB King , peace and love to his family '' .
It was established on 26 May 2001 in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , and launched on 9 July 2002 in South Africa , with the aim of replacing the Organisation of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- .
It also houses paintings from artists like Van der Helst , Vermeer , Frans Hals , Ferdinand Bol , Albert Cuyp , Jacob van Ruisdael and Paulus Potter .
He said to Reuters , `` These fans sing ` Montenegro we love you ' but throw flares , insult rivals and cause all sorts of incidents every time they turn up and that 's outright hypocrisy -LSB- ... -RSB- We have left the impression of barbarians and this is a complete disaster .
This influence on the internal affairs of other countries is generally referred to as `` soft power '' , as opposed to military `` hard power '' .
Most of the other contemporary yoga systems alluded in the Upanishads and some Pali canons are lost to time .
Smallpox devastated the native Amerindian population and was an important factor in the conquest of the Aztecs and the Incas by the Spaniards .
In the early seventies Mackay turned his attention to managing , taking the top job at various English and Middle Eastern sides .
This was accompanied by rhyming slogans shouted from the crowd of students including the phrase : `` No cuts .
Earthquake insurance can provide building owners with financial protection against losses resulting from earthquakes .
Both current editors Sharri Markson and Tiffany Dunk , along with the entire production team , were required to re-apply for their positions and compete against one another to secure a position .
Some doubt , however , remained due to the uncertainties that result from the companion star being much heavier than the candidate black hole .
Archaea flagella operate like bacterial flagella -- their long stalks are driven by rotatory motors at the base .
The television show involves contestants taking part in survival style activities in remote locations .
The UN has reported that 70 % of Palestinian dead were not armed .
The worst type of errors are those that go unnoticed , and are not even detected by the disk firmware or the host operating system .
The Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh called for urgent international support to help deal with large amounts of Syrian refugees .
Cattle have a range of odiferous glands over their body including interdigital , infraorbital , inguinal and sebaceous glands , indicating that olfaction probably plays a large role in their social life .
The assailant has yet to be arrested .
Related to his theory of the will to power , is his speculation , which he did not deem final , regarding the reality of the physical world , including inorganic matter -- that , like man 's affections and impulses , the material world is also set by the dynamics of a form of the will to power .
The droppings of the bird are collected by other ants and fed to their young , leading to further spread of the nematode .
After hearing news that the socialist revolutionary group `` People 's Vengeance '' had murdered one of its own members , Ivan Ivanov , on 21 November 1869 , Dostoyevsky began writing Demons .
Earlier today , a protest with estimated 100,000 to 150,000 people participating promised to storm Government House of Thailand where Shinawatra 's office is located .
Of the eight lending institutions with 100 or more complaints filed against them , Discover was the institution most likely to result in a closure with monetary relief with 12.9 % of all their closures ending this way .
The same danger applies to mineral supplements such as salt licks .
The previous Wednesday , March 26 , WBC announced its plans to picket the performance via Twitter , saying `` WBC to preach God H8s Fags @ the Margaret River Senior High School -- the land of the damned down under . ''
`` Needle exchange programs ought to be used , '' Shaffner said .
The decarburized iron , having a higher melting point than cast iron , was raked into globs by the puddler .
The minister said he recognized the Church of Wells members from recent news coverage .
Mr Sandford was meant to be trusted , but he put himself in a position of conflict of interest .
The try was converted by Harrold .
Professor Burrows also said resources and kits would be accessible for schools and communities , `` For example , schools can run their own flag discussions and referendums to mirror the formal process as part of their own learning exercise '' .
Sarah Strewart led the Australian team in scoring with 12 points .
While a member of the undercover squad , Peter Francis posed from 1993 to 1997 as an anti-racist campaigner and infiltrated a number of left-wing protest groups .
Prince Charles stirred emotions by reading extracts from a serviceman 's diary .
As President , I will serve ALL of the people in America , guided by the Constitution .
On April 17 , 1961 , 1,400 U.S.-trained Cuban exiles invaded Cuba during the Bay of Pigs Invasion .
In remarks to CNN , Hamas spokesperson Fawzi Barhoum remarked on the Israeli ground movement , `` the beginning of the Israeli ground invasion of Gaza is a dangerous step with unknown consequences .
However , the oldest preserved soybeans resembling modern varieties in size and shape were found in archaeological sites in Korea dated about 1000 BCE Radiocarbon dating of soybean samples recovered through flotation during excavations at the Early Mumun period Okbang site in Korea indicated soybean was cultivated as a food crop in around 1000 -- 900 BCE .
Players are blindfolded to ensure all are equally visually handicapped on-court , and the game can be stopped to ensure goggles are properly fitted .
Now if this guy hated blacks , he would n't even have gone near them '' .
`` The 40 foot sperm whale will make a spectacular exhibit once the fat and muscle is removed , and the town is asking museums and other organizations that could use a whale skeleton to contact the town for further details . ''
Chalmers explains : `` It may be a contempt of court to create a substantial risk of serious prejudice to someone 's right to a fair trial .
Many examples of convergent evolution have been identified in desert organisms , including between cacti and Euphorbia , kangaroo rats and jerboas , Phrynosoma and Moloch lizards .
`` It is clear that the small minority who did n't accept my election as party leader by the majority five months ago also wo n't accept the vote of the Executive today and will continue to divide the party if I remain '' , he said .
We are not afraid of killers , even if they enjoy the protection of the head of state '' .
The release of TEPCO 's figures came just one day after a 6.0 magnitude earthquake hit Miyagi .
Campaigning against him was like campaigning against Elvis Presley .
It also approved increasing the maximum seven year sentence for rape to twenty years as well as stricter punishments for crimes such as stalking , cyber stalking and voyeurism .
In 1981 , Benn ran for deputy leadership of the Labour Party but lost .
Police intervened to arrest a number of the local villagers involved in the attacks but were met with hostility from those trying to stop the arrested being taken away .
Hagar then called God who spoke to her `` El-roi '' , -LRB- `` Thou God seest me : '' KJV -RRB- .
In a response published Saturday by The Associated Press , the International Paralympic Committee commented on Russian adherence to the Olympic Truce in regards to the country 's actions in the Ukraine , saying `` As with situations around the world , we hope a peaceful resolution can be found in the spirit of the Olympic Truce , which has covered the Paralympic Games since 2006 .
Horses have excellent day and night vision , but they have two-color , or dichromatic vision ; their color vision is somewhat like red-green color blindness in humans , where certain colors , especially red and related colors , appear as a shade of green .
The menu included corn dogs and funnel cakes , longstanding fair staples .
Would you be interested if the opportunity came up to come down to Canberra and participate in a camp .
To assess different region 's priorities , three steps are taken , first , a bioregional profile is created , second , a bioregional plan is drafted , and third , the plan is finalised .
Only 16 % of boys passed five or more Caribbean Secondary Education Certificate exams compared to 30 % of girls .
Does Senate leader David Long serve the Republicans in the state senate or do they serve him ?
-LRB- 9.5 -RRB- Confucius wrote that Tian spoke to him , though not in words -LRB- 17.19 -RRB- , but the scholar Ronnie Littlejohn warns that Tian was not a personal God comparable to the God of the Abrahamic faiths in the sense of an independent creator or transcendent Being .
The center-left was well represented , and the government was initially chaired by a liberal aristocrat , Prince Georgy Yevgenievich Lvov , a member of the Constitutional Democratic party -LRB- KD -RRB- .
Vasco da Gama 's request for permission to leave a factor behind him in charge of the merchandise he could not sell was turned down by the King , who insisted that da Gama pay customs duty -- preferably in gold -- like any other trader , which strained the relation between the two .
Bonaparte sent General Pierre Augereau to Paris to lead a coup d'état and purge the royalists on 4 September -- Coup of 18 Fructidor .
Military forces from Chad and Niger yesterday engaged Boko Haram militants within the borders of Nigeria .
Lenin had consolidated the principle of state penetration of the whole society , its economy and its culture .
At least three of the journalists work for Al-Quds TV , but it is not yet known what agency the other three may work for .
European expansion caused the world to be divided by how developed and developing nation are portrayed through the world systems theory .
Passenger vessels in excess of 30,000 tons -LRB- PC/UMS -RRB- , known popularly as cruise ships , pay a rate based on the number of berths , that is , the number of passengers that can be accommodated in permanent beds .
Janet said losing her eyesight was the best thing that ever happened to her because it eventually led her to where she was standing , waiting to achieve glory in Athens .
Domestically , Australia 's top women 's club team Sydney FC finish third in the International Women 's Club Championship held in Japan this past week after defeating South American club champions Colo-Colo in a penalty shootout .
As a point in time , death would seem to refer to the moment at which life ends .
The skin contains many mucous glands and in some species , poison glands .
This secretion gradually became more copious and accrued nutritional complexity over evolutionary time .
Mutual were patient with Chaplin 's decreased rate of output , and the contract ended amicably .
They agreed , describing the decision as prudent .
In addition , David Shinn , the U.S. ambassador to Ethiopia from 1996 to 1999 , has agreed that it is likely U.S. -- Ethiopia relations will not change greatly with Hailemariam as prime minister .
MD : That was something that I was recommended by former Congressman Baron Hill , who represented the southeastern part of the state .
Serious damage is rare , as the fights are usually short in duration , with the loser running away with little more than a few scratches to the face and ears .
Infrared and ultraviolet light , on the other hand , is strongly absorbed by water .
He continued saying , `` Already , American aircraft have begun conducting humanitarian airdrops of food and water to help these desperate men , women and children survive . ''
Cannabis accounts for a large portion of Australia 's illicit drug related activities , accounting for 65.5 % of all drug related arrests in 2011 -- 2012 , and total seizures at 68.1 % .
In 1998 , WHO 's Director General highlighted gains in child survival , reduced infant mortality , increased life expectancy and reduced rates of `` scourges '' such as smallpox and polio on the fiftieth anniversary of WHO 's founding .
Sanskrit linguist Madhav Deshpande says that when the term `` Sanskrit '' arose it was not thought of as a specific language set apart from other languages , but rather as a particularly refined or perfected manner of speaking .
Jean d'Orléans , the acting head of the ducal family of Orléans on behalf of his captive half-brother , initially excluded her from war councils and failed to inform her when the army engaged the enemy .
`` We hope that the results will clarify the issue and will help to dispel numerous speculations around the alleged use of the Syrian chemical weapons while simultaneously creating a positive background for the moves towards the start of the political process of settlement of the Syrian crisis , '' Aleksandr Lukashevich , Russia 's foreign minister , said on August 22 .
Fraser died last week at the age of 84 after a short illness .
Graf 's coaching contracts with the national team and the Capitals both finish at the end of the year , and she is currently negotiating for a new deal with Basketball Australia that may create a situation where she is ineligible to coach for the Capitals because the national team position may become a full time one .
A spokesman for the administration said Obama `` has directed a review of federal programs and funding that enable state and local law enforcement to purchase military equipment '' .
Mamnoon Hussain is to take his place as President of Pakistan , a firm supporter of Prime Minister Sharif .
It is a major diet component because of the wheat plant 's agronomic adaptability with the ability to grow from near arctic regions to equator , from sea level to plains of Tibet , approximately 4,000 m -LRB- 13,000 ft -RRB- above sea level .
It is thought that as a result , a rapid increase in the number of war horses and other livestock significantly enhanced Mongol military strength .
The proportion of people in developing countries with access to safe water is calculated to have improved from 30 % in 1970 to 71 % in 1990 , 79 % in 2000 and 84 % in 2004 .
Absolute zero is denoted as 0 K on the Kelvin scale , − 273.15 ° C on the Celsius scale , and − 459.67 ° F on the Fahrenheit scale .
Fenwick suggested the sperm whale carcass in his town might also meet a similar fate , as the sperm whale 's status as the largest toothed whale might prove to be a drawing attraction for such a facility .
Rodovia Castelo Branco/SP -280 -LRB- President Castelo Branco Highway -RRB- -- connects São Paulo to the west and north-west of the country .
Of the tragedies , Hatch told reporters , `` Obviously , it 's a big part of my life , but I 'm about moving forward and making the most of my experience here . ''
Of the 29 Proto-Semitic consonants , only one has been lost : * / ʒ / , which merged with / ʃ / .
The Israeli military claimed the stations were used by Hamas to convey its messages to the population in Gaza , including the denial of the Israeli military 's warnings to the people before bombings close to civilian homes .
The Syrian government has not allowed immediate access to these places and usually reports come out days after .
Suetonius quotes him as referring to `` our two languages '' .
The interview was revealed today but was conducted on December 6 .
When voltage is applied to the capacitor , electric charges of equal magnitude , but opposite polarity , build up on each plate .
Some tree frogs with limited access to water excrete most of their metabolic waste as uric acid .
Adams became an influential figure in skateboarding and its culture during the mid-seventies when he was a teenager , skateboarding with the Zephyr team in Southern California .
To support Assad , is to counter US policy and influence ; which is precisely what Putin 's government seeks to accomplish .
Thus far in December , over 450 cases of influenza have been reported in just a small portion of central Texas .
In Belarus , Nazi Germany imposed a regime in the country that was responsible for burning down some 9,000 villages , deporting some 380,000 people for slave labour , and killing hundreds of thousands of civilians .
He said `` This was a hard decision to take because we very much hoped that Ollie would prove to be the man to take us forward and on to the next level .
The exclamation Ischa Freimaak -LRB- It 's Free Fair -RRB- is meant to spread a relaxed and unreserved atmosphere among the guests .
Yinon collapsed during the performance of German composer Richard Strauss 's An Alpine Symphony .
The alloy of 90 % copper and 10 % nickel , remarkable for its resistance to corrosion , is used for various objects exposed to seawater , though it is vulnerable to the sulfides sometimes found in polluted harbors and estuaries .
The kings had so thoroughly centralised the system that most nobles spent their time at Versailles , and thus played only a small direct role in their home districts .
Authorities have not yet definitively given a cause for the crash but are currently treating it as likely to be an accident .
Acoustic guitar players can also use the amp to change the sound of their instrument , but in general , acoustic guitar amps are used to make the natural acoustic sound of the instrument louder without changing its sound that much .
After his death , the Mauryan dynasty lasted just fifty more years until his empire stretched over almost all of the Indian subcontinent .
Paul Cunningham , a 35-year-old male , was discovered dead February 11 at approximately 18:15 UTC , in his apartment on Aberdour Street in the Dennistoun district of Glasgow .
The dermis is covered with separate dermal placoid scales .
French anarchists active in the 1848 Revolution included Anselme Bellegarrigue , Ernest Coeurderoy , Joseph Déjacque and Pierre Joseph Proudhon .
When the glob was large enough the puddler would remove it .
I 'm looking forward to tomorrow .
Both the rebels and Syrian government are said to have been granted `` safe '' passage while performing their investigation which has to be completed in 14 days , not including any possible extensions .
French Jews were also highly active in the French Resistance , which conducted a guerilla campaign against the Nazis and Vichy French authorities , assisted the Allies in their sweep across France , and supported Allied including Free French forces in the liberation of many occupied French cities .
Roofs are traditionally constructed from Alpine rocks such as pieces of schist , gneiss or slate .
This form of homeothermy is called gigantothermy ; it has been suggested as having been common in large dinosaurs and other extinct large-bodied reptiles .
However , the Safavids considered it as an appanage of the Persian ruled territory of Khorasan and declared its association with the Mughal emperors to be a usurpation .
Tank crews usually have a negative reaction towards deep fording but it adds considerable scope for surprise and tactical flexibility in water crossing operations by opening new and unexpected avenues of attack .
Through the capitalization and commoditisation of clothing , accessories , and shoes , etc. , what once constituted anti-fashion becomes part of fashion as the lines between fashion and anti-fashion are blurred .
At least two people in Cairo , Egypt have died after clashes at the presidential palace broke out between supporters and opponents of president Mohamed Morsi .
`` There might be a whole population of quiescent galaxies that host binary black holes in their centers , '' said co-discoverer Stefanie Komossa of Germany 's Max Planck Society .
To allow fracking companies to drill under people 's homes and land without their permission is to ignore public interest in pursuit of the vested interests of a few . ''
Hundreds of volunteers have assisted police searching the Scottish capital for the boy .
Alternate and Cape Cod native Meghan Lino is also at her first Paralympic Games after taking up the sport in 2009 .
A current widely used standard for the `` buffer-to-computer '' interface is 3.0 Gbit/s SATA , which can send about 300 megabyte/s -LRB- 10-bit encoding -RRB- from the buffer to the computer , and thus is still comfortably ahead of today 's disk-to-buffer transfer rates .
Given the lengths of the sides of any cyclic quadrilateral , Brahmagupta gave an approximate and an exact formula for the figure 's area ,
Local Federal Member of Parliament Andrew Leigh , a strong supporter of rights for same-sex couples , applauded the bill , but Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott has indicated his government will challenge the bill in the High Court of Australia .
I noticed wherever the convict moved the little girl scrambled after him , holding on to his fetters .
They also announced they would continue with the remaining four members and their fifth album would be recorded later this year .
In Nyaunggan , Burma , bronze tools have been excavated along with ceramics and stone artifacts .
Voters see the two major party nominees as exemplifying what is worst about their respective parties , and they want something better .
It was more successful abroad , and Chaplin 's screenplay was nominated at the Academy Awards .
Mattamy Athletic Centre , Toronto , Canada -- Germany defeated the United States and Canada defeated the Netherlands yesterday in the semifinals of the 2014 Women 's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship at the Mattamy Athletic Centre in Toronto , Canada .
And then , in 2000 in Sydney , things had become ... we were the first - there were four of us - we were able to train at an Olympic training centre .
One such example was the Christianisation of Iceland in 1000 , where the Althing decreed , in order to prevent an invasion , that all Icelanders must be baptized , and forbade celebration of pagan rituals .
We 're absolutely delighted that MSPs have demonstrated overwhelmingly that they 're in touch with the twenty-first century . ''
I just remember that feeling of how proud you 'd be if you were given such an honour . ''
Over that winter , Linnaeus began to doubt Tournefort 's system of classification and decided to create one of his own .
I would encourage your listeners and your students if they 've not done so to go listen to the press conference on YouTube .
Thus in power struggles apparently instigated by Hürrem , Suleiman had Ibrahim murdered and replaced with her sympathetic son-in-law , Rüstem Pasha .
Electric mobility carts will be provided to elderly and handicapped passengers at all major stations .
Higher frequencies do not reflect from the ionosphere , nor from storm clouds .
Higher-ranking princes had individual votes , while lower-ranking princes were grouped into `` colleges '' by geography .
Fever , lack of energy , and dehydration may also occur .
In order to provide that specific information several criterions should be met .
Most of his money has been given to charity , and he has sold off his businesses .
Bruce Russell gives two propositions in which the reader decides which one he believes more .
Rioters burned the Colored Orphan Asylum to the ground , with more than 200 children escaping harm due to efforts of the New York City Police Department , which was mainly made up of Irish immigrants .
In its fifth version , the exhibition organizers estimated to receive between 10,000 and 13,000 people to the event , which had nine pavilions representing eight countries around the world .
He touched on a number of issues including education , over which he and Corbett clashed during last year 's campaign , in addition to the economy and government reform .
One of the main drives in present quantum technology is to create what is called mesoscopic or macroscopic quantum states , that is quantum states that can be see in a microscope .
An architect could sketch a plan for a new building and an assistant or foreman knew what to do , because novel ideas were avoided .
This law was passed purportedly to prevent then-Governor Mitt Romney , a Republican , from naming a replacement for Kerry , who was at the time , the Democratic presidential nominee .
Silver cadmium oxide is used in high-voltage contacts because it withstands arcing .
Cyrillic uppercase and lowercase letter forms are not as differentiated as in Latin typography .
There are also salt lakes , which are smaller bodies of landlocked saltwater that are not interconnected with the World Ocean .
When I found out about the news story , I reached out on my own to the bankruptcy trustee , and said , `` Hey , Tim gave me $ 10,000 dollars , I 'd like to return it , what do I need to do ? ''
The office of the tribunus plebis began to lose its prestige due to Augustus ' amassing of tribunal powers , so he revived its importance by making it a mandatory appointment for any plebeian desiring the praetorship .
The transfer will enable Capitals players to establish flexible working , living and studying arrangements through the University so that they are able to have a stronger focus on basketball while at the same time preparing for life after basketball . ''
The world financial crisis now began to overwhelm Britain ; investors across the world started withdrawing their gold from London at the rate of # 2 1/2 millions a day .
Lizards are mostly quadrupeds , with the trunk held off the ground by short , sideways-facing legs , but a few species have no limbs and resemble snakes .
Nuclear weapons have been used twice in nuclear warfare , both times by the United States against Japan near the end of World War II .
Silver coin and bullion is an investment vehicle used by some people to guard against inflation and devaluation of the currency .
Two cranes have been dispatched to assist .
Despite this , the crowd supported their side , even when they were down by eight points .
These terms are often considered interchangeable , even though some authors may prefer one or the other because of certain overtones they may be willing to highlight .
Rogers observes that `` It is ... important to distinguish between the notion of algorithm , i.e. procedure and the notion of function computable by algorithm , i.e. mapping yielded by procedure .
The king was , at first , put off by her strict religious practice , but he warmed to her through her care for his children .
An example is the claim that when the `` Va , pensiero '' chorus in Nabucco was first sung in Milan , the audience , responding with nationalistic fervour , demanded an encore .
The Aztec empire reached its height during the reign of Ahuitzotl in 1486 -- 1502 .
His plan is to arrive early , to allow the players to acclimatise to the high humidity and the food .
In many species of frog and in most lungless salamanders -LRB- Plethodontidae -RRB- , direct development takes place , the larvae growing within the eggs and emerging as miniature adults .
It can also refer to intelligence as exhibited by an artificial -LRB- man-made , non-natural , manufactured -RRB- entity .
In response to revolt in the Italian colony of Libya , Fascist Italy abandoned previous liberal-era colonial policy of cooperation with local leaders .
Sport -LRB- UK -RRB- or sports -LRB- US -RRB- are all usually forms of competitive physical activity or games which , through casual or organized participation , aim to use , maintain or improve physical ability and skills while providing enjoyment to participants , and in some cases , entertainment for spectators .
In the developing world , women , men , and children from high social classes had greater rates of obesity .
There was a lull in fighting over the winter of 1812 -- 13 while both the Russians and the French rebuilt their forces ; Napoleon was able to field 350,000 troops .
Witnesses report a large plume of smoke rising from the location .
The Galilean ministry begins when Jesus returns to Galilee from the Judaean Desert after rebuffing the temptation of Satan .
The single publishing unit enables us to tap the synergies and expertise between the mastheads to further enhance the reach and relevance of these two much-loved Australian magazine brands . ''
Earlier this week the World Bank released the 2012 World Development Report on Gender Equality and Development .
A US drone attack last week killed their previous leader , Hakimullah Mehsud .
The prosecution entered indictments against 24 major war criminals and seven organizations -- the leadership of the Nazi party , the Reich Cabinet , the Schutzstaffel -LRB- SS -RRB- , Sicherheitsdienst -LRB- SD -RRB- , the Gestapo , the Sturmabteilung -LRB- SA -RRB- and the `` General Staff and High Command '' , comprising several categories of senior military officers .
Following the lack of fuels , the residents of the Gaza Strip sometimes need to manage with only 12 hours of electricity a day .
For sociologist Georg Simmel -LRB- 1858 -- 1918 -RRB- , culture referred to `` the cultivation of individuals through the agency of external forms which have been objectified in the course of history . ''
Later critics and novelists continue to bear testament to Tolstoy 's art .
`` So I said , ` Oh that 's very good , I 'm glad to hear that , now can you send somebody over here to get rid of it for us ? ' ''
The Church of Wells ' group 's leader became `` very agitated '' and yelled at the minister and his parishioners .
His entire family went aboard together with his craftsmen and `` all the animals of the field '' .
The equivalence of inertial and gravitational masses is sometimes referred to as the `` Galilean equivalence principle '' or the `` weak equivalence principle '' .
Concerned about the strong French Canadian presence in the colony , the British authorities repeatedly tried to help establish schools that were outside the control of religious authorities , but these efforts were largely undermined by the Catholic Church and later the Anglican clergy .
-LSB- 3 -RSB- Because snakes can not bite or tear their food to pieces , they must swallow prey whole .
Holloway , 51 , was in charge of Millwall for 62 games ; during his tenure they won only 14 times , losing 29 and drawing the remaining 19 .
These often take a big-picture view of nanotechnology , with more emphasis on its societal implications than the details of how such inventions could actually be created .
After this , no further progress was made until the late medieval period .
With 24 seconds left , China scored a 3 pointer to bring the score to 75 -- 64 where the score remained unchanged in the remaining time .
Yesterday night , in separate Israeli airstrikes , the offices of Agence France-Presse -LRB- AFP -RRB- and Al Jazeera English were struck or damaged in Gaza City .
A 2016 analysis of LIGO data shows tentative signs of echoes caused by a fuzzy event horizon ; such echoes may be possible in firewall or fuzzball theories but should not occur in classical general relativity .
Inhaling secondhand tobacco smoke can cause lung cancer in nonsmoking adults .
Most scattered disc objects -LRB- SDOs -RRB- have perihelia within the Kuiper belt but aphelia far beyond it -LRB- some more than 150 AU from the Sun -RRB- .
Of the United States 's curling team , two are returning wheelchair curling Paralympic veterans .
Forests sometimes contain many tree species within a small area -LRB- as in tropical rain and temperate deciduous forests -RRB- , or relatively few species over large areas -LRB- e.g. , taiga and arid montane coniferous forests -RRB- .
A later senatorial investigation into the disappearance of the public funds took no action against Octavian , since he subsequently used that money to raise troops against the Senate 's arch enemy Mark Antony .
By this stage , 2011 , I 'd given up all the Villanova stuff so I concentrated just on the wheelchair and my Queensland group .
Other amendments the Lords have discussed include a review on whether to allow humanists to conduct weddings , and a review on whether to allow opposite-sex partners to enter into civil partnerships .
Students of Jadavpur University have decided to indefinitely boycott classes starting from Wednesday .
Park Jae-Sang , the actual name of Psy , explained the meaning of the song in an August 2012 interview with CNN .
The penalty notice fines for misconduct and swearing in public were raised from AU$ 200 and $ 150 to $ 500 , while the maximum fine for `` continuation of intoxicated and disorderly behaviour following move on direction '' -- direction `` to leave a public place and not return for a specified period '' -- was increased from 6 penalty units -LRB- $ 660 -RRB- to 15 penalty units -LRB- $ 1,650 -RRB- .
The conspicuous red gasters are mistaken by birds for ripe fruits , such as Hyeronima alchorneoides , and eaten .
These networks collect into a main left and a main right trunk , which travel up the groove between the ventricles that exists on the heart 's surface , receiving smaller vessels as they travel up .
At the 2:28 mark , Rodríguez gets an ONCE rebound , Latham gets the ball , shoots and misses .
Over 2,500 people on this journey have drowned or disappeared this year , 2,200 of them since June .
Local government corruption is so prevalent that voters perceive it as a problem only if it surpasses certain levels , and only if a local media e.g. a radio station is present to divulge the findings of corruption charges .
This situation , based on historic precedence , has created a peculiar situation among monarchies , as a -RRB- both Co-Princes are not of Andorran descent , b -RRB- one is elected by common citizens of a foreign country -LRB- France -RRB- , but not by Andorrans as they can not vote in the French Presidential Elections , c -RRB- the other , the bishop of Urgel , is appointed by a foreign head of state , the Pope .
A can be calculated using the exponential series , which converges quickly provided y is not too large .
We , writers , painters , sculptors , architects and passionate devotees of the hitherto untouched beauty of Paris , protest with all our strength , with all our indignation in the name of slighted French taste , against the erection ... of this useless and monstrous Eiffel Tower ... To bring our arguments home , imagine for a moment a giddy , ridiculous tower dominating Paris like a gigantic black smokestack , crushing under its barbaric bulk Notre Dame , the Tour Saint-Jacques , the Louvre , the Dome of les Invalides , the Arc de Triomphe , all of our humiliated monuments will disappear in this ghastly dream .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1953 `` for his mastery of historical and biographical description as well as for brilliant oratory in defending exalted human values '' .
Tree shaping is the practice of changing living trees and other woody plants into man made shapes for art and useful structures .
Polygenist Christoph Meiners for example , split mankind into two divisions which he labeled the `` beautiful White race '' and the `` ugly Black race '' .
The Saddle Plateau cones are mostly cinder cones with terminal effusion of lava , while the Upper Rombo Zone cones mostly generated lava flows .
Apollinaire pointed to his friend Picasso , who was also brought in for questioning , but both were later exonerated .
Ita Buttrose highlighted the concern , telling Crikey , `` I know everybody is cost-cutting at the moment , but this seems a bit extreme .
The Soviet view characterised him as a man who recognised the historically inevitable and accordingly helped to make the inevitable happen .
The UK Border Agency stated the Phelpses were not welcome because of their actions `` inciting hatred against a number of communities '' .
These larger droplets associated with vertically developed clouds are better able to trap the long-wave radiation thus mitigating the cooling effect to some degree .
Twain moved to San Francisco in 1864 , still as a journalist , and met writers such as Bret Harte and Artemus Ward .
Nearly everyone was Catholic , but the Church was repressed .
There were about 150 people in the crowd at the Riverbank Arena when the game began , although this swelled to over 500 after half time .
In a release to the press , Fluke said : `` I am extremely moved by the outpouring of local and national support I have received since I announced that I was considering running for office .
The trajectories of these spacecraft were used to refine the mass estimates of the Jovian system .
Since the introduction of CEDAW , reforms have been made that allowed for more equal partners , make divorces easier to get , make it harder for women to be excluded from the home , and improve the amount , and enforced the payment , of spousal support and following a divorce .
When Hilda Gadea arrived in Cuba in late January , Guevara told her that he was involved with another woman , and the two agreed on a divorce , which was finalized on May 22 .
In the opening minutes of the second quarter , Shelley Chaplin assisted Cobi Crispin , and then Amber Merritt , to add another four points .
It has been said that many characteristics of modern primates , including humans , derive from an early ancestor 's practice of taking most of its food from the tropical canopy .
The Welsh Education Minister Leighton Andrews ordered a re-grading of Welsh pupils ' exam papers ; pupils who sat exams in England were left with their original grades .
The Fetha Negest remained the supreme law in Ethiopia until 1931 , when a modern-style Constitution was first granted by Emperor Haile Selassie I.
We all went over there .
This is not exactly a give-away , as even with a duty freeze the Chancellor is still raking in approximately 60 per cent of the pump price in duty and VAT . ''
The extraction of ancient DNA from dinosaur fossils has been reported on two separate occasions ; upon further inspection and peer review , however , neither of these reports could be confirmed .
Middle-aged men were particularly affected .
After the war , the critically acclaimed Drunken Angel -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , in which Kurosawa cast then-unknown actor Toshiro Mifune in a starring role , cemented the director 's reputation as one of the most important young filmmakers in Japan .
In the Colorado Plateau it is water that has been the eroding force .
Such a subtype could cause a global influenza pandemic , similar to the Spanish Flu , or the lower mortality pandemics such as the Asian Flu and the Hong Kong Flu .
On the basis of the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations , the UN and its agencies are immune from the laws of the countries where they operate , safeguarding the UN 's impartiality with regard to the host and member countries .
Xi Jinping , the Chinese President , said `` Lee Kwan Yew 's passing is as much a loss for the international community as it is for Singapore '' .
The latest research into the life of Paul disputes his claim of conversion .
Stabilizing additives include fire retardants to lower the flammability of the material .
President Buchanan and President-elect Lincoln refused to recognize the Confederacy , declaring secession illegal .
Fluke was nominated as a candidate by Time magazine for their Person of the Year of 2012 .
Several states have announced states of emergency - Maryland , New York , Pennsylvania , Virginia , Washington DC and also a coastal county in North Carolina .
Many compositions were created and sung in improvisation , where the samba Pelo Telefone -LRB- from Donga and Mauro de Almeida -RRB- , samba for which there were also many other versions , but to come to the history of samba , Pelo Telefone was the first recorded Samba , in 1917
Animal experiments show that rapid and complete recovery is normal for exposures shorter than 90 seconds , while longer full-body exposures are fatal and resuscitation has never been successful .
Some systems disable alternator field -LRB- rotor -RRB- power during wide open throttle conditions .
The life cycle of a bee , be it a solitary or social species , involves the laying of an egg , the development through several moults of a legless larva , a pupation stage during which the insect undergoes complete metamorphosis , followed by the emergence of a winged adult .
Gauss was so pleased by this result that he requested that a regular heptadecagon be inscribed on his tombstone .
After training , Presley joined the 3rd Armored Division in Friedberg , Germany , on October 1 .
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said he agreed with Goldsmith the bill was not perfect , and he wanted `` a radical California-style recall '' system , but he had settled for a `` modest '' bill to satisfy `` Conservative Party resistance '' .
The Tsar even proposed to her once , and during his later reign , asked for a guarantee to be granted asylum in England should his rule be jeopardised .
Even some of Schubert 's friends were unaware of the full scope of what he wrote , and for many years he was primarily recognized as the `` prince of song '' , although there was recognition of some of his larger-scale efforts .
In economics , money is a broad term that refers to any financial instrument that can fulfill the functions of money -LRB- detailed above -RRB- .
Canberra CBD Limited -LRB- CCBD -RRB- released data this week about a urinal trial in the Australian Capital Territory -LRB- ACT -RRB- 's Central Business District -LRB- CBD -RRB- this past weekend that showed the temporary urinals collected 220 litres of urine in a four day period between 7pm and 7am on Thursday , Friday , Saturday and Sunday nights .
Nuclear Regulation Authority disaster taskforce leader Shinji Kinjo has said TEPCO fails to document inspections and is poor at monitoring the tanks on the site .
The city of New York came under a winter storm warning late yesterday evening , with nine inches of snow predicted to fall .
Large deposits of iron are found in banded iron formations .
Viewership increased 28 % from the first 2008 presidential debate , which had an audience of about 52.4 million people .
Torn muscles , knee injuries , and headaches are common ailments which may result from yoga practice .
Across the foreground sprawls his symbol , a great lion whose body and tail make a double spiral across the base of the picture space .
The CDC advises people to get a flu vaccine as the best means of avoiding getting the flu .
In the morning session , the South Korea lost to Russia in the eighth end by a score of 5 -- 7 , the United States lost to Canada 2 -- 7 in seven ends , Norway edged out Finland 6 -- 8 in extra ends , and China defeated Sweden 8 -- 4 in seven ends .
Cuban leader Fidel Castro immediately accused the CIA of `` an act of terrorism '' and held a state funeral the following day for the victims of the blast .
Under this point of view the irreplaceable role of traditional repositories -LRB- archives -RRB- can be supplemented by the use of such web sources as eBay .
Almost all animals who survive external hazards to their biological functioning eventually die from biological aging , known in life sciences as `` senescence '' .
A third activist Li Sihua was also convicted for the last charge .
The death rate varies by method : firearms 80 -- 90 % , drowning 65 -- 80 % , hanging 60 -- 85 % , car exhaust 40 -- 60 % , jumping 35 -- 60 % , charcoal burning 40 -- 50 % , pesticides 6 -- 75 % , and medication overdose 1.5 -- 4 % .
Police have appealed for potential witnesses to the accident to contact them .
This may have been the ultimate means of testing their abilities : if any of them had magic powers , then they would surely come back to life when they were let out again .
I am sure the community will be equally disgusted and I appeal to anyone who may have seen this man take the purse and walk off on Leigh Road .
This will include chemical compounds such as acetic or lactic acid , which are not normally considered carbohydrates .
The proof is going to be in the pudding when we run for reelection in November 2014 whether or not this is the driving issue to drive turnout and ultimately render judgement over the totality of my service in the senate .
The man 's court appearance was scheduled for today .
Henri Matisse : The Cut-Outs was exhibited at London 's Tate Modern , from April to September 2014 .
Nearly 8,000 people have vowed to join the lawsuit .
With 1:18 left in the second , Guiseppe Condello got a 2 minute penalty for teeing when he rammed the front of his sledge into a USA player 's sledge .
The first watercraft were canoes cut out from tree trunks .
Calonne initially spent liberally , but he quickly realised the critical financial situation and proposed a new tax code .
Therefore , Timur set up a puppet Chaghatay khan , Suyurghatmish , as the nominal ruler of Balkh as he pretended to act as a `` protector of the member of a Chinggisid line , that of Genghis Khan 's eldest son , Jochi '' .
The process of sedentarization is first thought to have occurred around 12,000 BCE in the Levant region of southwest Asia though other regions around the world soon followed .
Jackie Speier : By-and-large the Affordable Care Act will have a significant and lasting beneficial impact on persons with disabilities -LSB- ... -RSB- Most importantly , pre-existing conditions will no longer prevent persons with disabilities from obtaining health insurance .
The second attack yesterday took place outside a synagogue in the Krystalgade area of Copenhagen .
Between 1990 and 2010 the number of deaths from COPD decreased slightly from 3.1 million to 2.9 million and became the fourth leading cause of death .
In part , the e-mail announcement said , `` We are sad beyond words and so is everyone who came to Berlin to participate in the Wikimedia Conference .
The bill was approved with a majority vote of 77 to 44 in favour of amending the marriage act to allow same-sex marriage .
It underwent a steam explosion and meltdown in January 1961 , which killed its three operators .
These are lively affairs which invariably involve firecrackers and flower-covered floats broadcasting traditional music .
At the 8:36 mark , a technical was called against Getafe with Bywater taking both shots .
A tape by Mitchell has since emerged of this meeting which casts doubt on this claim .
In 1823 Schubert , in addition to Fierrabras , also wrote his first large-scale song cycle , Die schöne Müllerin -LRB- D. 795 -RRB- , setting poems by Wilhelm Müller .
The protesting students demanded a fresh probe into a molestation incident in which a female student of the university was allegedly sexually abused by male university students who had dragged her to a men 's hostel .
Yesterday , the Russian chatterbot `` Eugene Goostman '' by a team of Russian and Ukrainian developers became the first machine to pass a Turing test , under the academic event organizers ' interpretation of the test as originally described by British mathematician Alan Turing .
Members of the fire service attended the incident scene , which occurred in the Carlton Colville district of the town of Lowestoft , approximately seven minutes after it was reported to emergency services at approximately 0145 UTC today .
Despite its surface similarity to Freud 's ideas , Janov 's theory lacks a strictly psychological account of the unconscious and belief in infantile sexuality .
When roughly translated , the message means : `` We have hacked you because your lack of support of Syrian government and militant groups backed by that government .
The creation of an all-women 's police force in Tamil Nadu led to increased reporting of crimes against women and general comfort in going to the police to report a problem .
He also caused offence with comments he made about India and Mexico as well as comments about people with special needs .
Kafka 's style has been compared to that of Kleist as early as 1916 , in a review of `` Die Verwandlung '' and `` Der Heizer '' by Oscar Walzel in Berliner Beiträge .
With 3:48 left in the second , Brody Roybal scored with an assist from Declan Farmer .
She was referring to a police helicopter that crashed into a Glasgow pub on November 29 last year .
Conversely , many bees are haplodiploid yet are not eusocial , and among eusocial species many queens mate with multiple males , creating half-sisters that share only 25 % of their genes .
This paper is considered a central paper of the early days of control theory .
De Gaulle was very much admired by the later President Nixon .
`` Person who planted bomb in Tel Aviv bus yesterday-found and arrested .
Schools can not charge students more than US$ 5 to defray the cost of insurance .
The poor conditions only aggravated the situation , with the number of strikes and incidents of public disorder rapidly increasing in the years shortly before World War I. Because of late industrialization , Russia 's workers were highly concentrated .
The secession idea came about last week as the commissioners from the northeastern Colorado counties of Weld , Morgan , Logan , Sedgwick , Phillips , Washington , Yuma , and Kit Carson expressed interest in withdrawing from Colorado due to differences with the state government over gun control and the perceived overregulation of agriculture and the oil and gas industries .
Writing in a letter to his friend Vasily Botkin : `` The truth is that the State is a conspiracy designed not only to exploit , but above all to corrupt its citizens ... Henceforth , I shall never serve any government anywhere . ''
Also called simple indicatives , this small category contains characters that are direct iconic illustrations .
This refers to the continent of Africa being colonized and stripped of their resources by the Europeans in the 19th century .
The initial military maneuvers began in September 1806 .
Accelerations are vector quantities -LRB- they have magnitude and direction -RRB- and add according to the parallelogram law .
Prior to the murder , MacKinnon had stolen a meat cleaver from a boat he was working on and had been keeping it in his bedroom , the court was also told .
Sergei Shakariants also said the attackers may want to move the elections closer to March 1 to remind the public of previous troubles on this day in 2008 when the current president , Serzh Sargsyan , was elected .
Later in the 17th century Sir Thomas Browne wrote that he considered the representation of God the Father using an old man `` a dangerous act '' that might lead to Egyptian symbolism .
The Greeks earned their gold medal round opportunity after beating Belgium who went through pool play undefeated .
Due to the remains being buried under hot material , Thadeus believes they will be difficult to reach .
When loss of iron is not adequately compensated by adequate dietary iron intake , a state of latent iron deficiency occurs , which over time leads to iron-deficiency anemia if left untreated , which is characterised by an insufficient number of red blood cells and an insufficient amount of hemoglobin .
Rescuers have recovered the bodies of the adults but the children 's remains have still not been found .
On August 16 , the Merritts learned Judge Stoelker had represented defendants in this case on numerous occasions before he was appointed to the bench in December 2010 and had not disclosed this fact to the Merritts .
Joey Trevino , 37 , was stranded along with three other men after their boat quickly sank off the coast of Port O'Connor , Texas .
Described as impossible to justify and `` blood-curdling '' by the UN Secretary-General , EU Parliamentary President Schulz labelled the attack `` abominable and cowardly -LSB- demonstrating -RSB- the inhuman attitude of the Taliban , their inhuman ideology , their remorseless fanaticism '' , and Indian Nobel Prize-winner Kailash Satyarthi , condemned the attackers as `` enemies of Allah '' and stated : `` The militants , be they Taliban or any other militants , who kill children , are the enemies of humanity .
Thousands of people have come together to demand justice for Alan Turing and recognition of the appalling way he was treated .
Édouard Dujardin , whose influential novel Les Lauriers sont coupés is in the form of an interior monologue inspired by Wagnerian music , founded a journal dedicated to Wagner , La Revue Wagnérienne , to which J. K. Huysmans and Téodor de Wyzewa contributed .
This will change the way we consume digital media in both our personal and working lives and deliver significant benefits to millions of consumers and businesses across the country . ''
A Joint Statement by the United Nations Working Group on discrimination against women in law and in practice states that `` Adultery as a criminal offence violates women 's human rights '' .
Three officials , each of whom were heavily involved in responding to the event , gave individual presentations .
Though a member of the Libertarian Party in the early 1990s , Johnson was elected and re-elected governor of New Mexico in 1994 and 1998 as a Republican .
According to some reports , Hamas captured the two pilots .
The opening ceremonies are scheduled for next Tuesday .
No Frankenberger was registered in Graz during that period , and no record has been produced of Leopold Frankenberger 's existence , so historians dismiss the claim that Alois 's father was Jewish .
I think most people would agree this is fair enough . ''
The King refused , Necker was dismissed , and Charles Alexandre de Calonne was appointed to the Comptrollership .
In an emergency , submarines can transmit a signal to other ships .
The Palais de la Cité , the royal residence , was located at the western end of the Île de la Cité .
Immunodeficiencies can also be inherited or ` acquired ' .
Walked out of the Brisbane City Council .
However , the term ` globalization ' was in use well before this -LRB- at least as early as 1944 -RRB- and had been used by other scholars as early as 1981 .
Believing that the traditional description of Hegel 's philosophy in terms of thesis -- antithesis -- synthesis was mistaken , a few scholars , like Raya Dunayevskaya , have attempted to discard the triadic approach altogether .
42 or more people have died , the Lebanese health ministry says , and over 500 wounded , from two car bomb explosions yesterday in the largely Sunni Muslim Lebanese city of Tripoli .
An estimated 500 million people worldwide watched the transmission by the Apollo TV camera , the largest television audience for a live broadcast at that time .
Jews around the world eat in sukkot for seven days and nights .
The court found that in May 2010 , Berlusconi put pressure on police officers in Milan to release El Mahroug who had been arrested on suspicion of theft .
That is going to require discipline and spending control . ''
The centenary milestone of Anzac Day also drew a Turkish security force of 3700 , both police and paramilitary .
A cholesteatoma is a cyst of squamous skin cells that may develop from birth or secondary to other causes such as chronic ear infections .
Graduating student Kit Fox , according to the Chicago Tribune , said of the Medill F , `` When as a freshman you hear about it for the first time , it sounds extremely harsh .
The Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith described the current plans as `` meaningless '' and said voters had been `` duped '' .
Lee defended his tough stance in a 2010 New York Times interview , saying `` I 'm not saying everything I did was right -LSB- ... -RSB- But everything I did was for an honourable purpose . ''
The next significant advance came with the domestication of the horses and mastering of equestrianism .
PMV : For this study I collaborated directly with Dr. Bruce Patterson from the Field Museum of Natural History , but studies like this can not be completed without the contribution of scientific collections .
London , England -- Yesterday at London 's Velodrome , Australia 's Jayme Paris took home bronze in the Paralympic Track Cycling Women 's Individual C1-2-3 500m Time Trial event , earning back to back bronzes in this event .
Analysed documents also indicated the NSA found evidence Chinese spies were also monitoring the UN , and began logging what the Chinese were accessing .
The Crookes radiometer turns when the MFP is larger than the size of the vanes .
At least 30 other international groups organize psychologists in different regions .
Anglican Church leaders have insisted that ministers refuse to conduct same-sex marriage ceremonies until their annual Synod takes place next year .
Some shell `` currencies '' were not used for commercial transactions , but mainly as social status displays at important occasions , such as weddings .
The pilots did not send a distress signal .
As it was Alfred 's brother Ludvig who had died , the obituary was eight years premature .
The Justicialist Party placed Borges under 24-hour surveillance and sent policemen to sit in on his lectures ; in September they ordered SADE to be permanently closed down .
Food can also be adulterated by a very wide range of articles -LRB- known as `` foreign bodies '' -RRB- during farming , manufacture , cooking , packaging , distribution , or sale .
Elaine Smith , also a Labour MSP , said she feared MSPs opposing same-sex marriage were being `` bounced '' into supporting the bill for fear of being branded homophobic .
This typically lasts less than two weeks .
Most probably -LRB- Stanley 's own publications give inconsistent figures -RRB- , he lost 132 people through disease , hunger , drowning , killing and desertion .
Its concentration in soil may be as high as 2 μg / L , and its concentration in natural aquatic environments may be as high at 88 μg / L. Various possible functions have been proposed for eDNA : it may be involved in horizontal gene transfer ; it may provide nutrients ; and it may act as a buffer to recruit or titrate ions or antibiotics .
Sorghum is efficient in converting solar energy to chemical energy , and also uses less water compared to other grain crops .
`` Hopefully this tragedy will finally inspire meaningful legislation and whatever other necessary steps to protect the lives and safety of celebrities , police officers , innocent public bystanders , and the photographers themselves '' , he said .
Diaz was put on death row ; Cordova received a life sentence .
Old Times on the Mississippi was a series of sketches published in the Atlantic Monthly in 1875 featuring his disillusionment with Romanticism .
So that was an emotional camp , but as I said to David at the time , we 've got to build this program .
He also requested that MacNeil and Allan `` stand shoulder to shoulder with the Comhairle to campaign for increased funding for the Western Isles to help deal with these issues rather than turning on their democratically elected local council over individual issues they do n't particularly like . ''
This is not the first time The Onion has caused the mistaken belief of their material being factual .
The males usually emerge first and search for females with which to mate .
In popular usage , as in some academic usage , little distinction is made between `` racism '' and `` ethnocentrism '' .
The critics of the outside world praised them , but at home , Eisenstein 's focus in these films on structural issues such as camera angles , crowd movements , and montage brought him and like-minded others , such as Vsevolod Pudovkin and Alexander Dovzhenko , under fire from the Soviet film community , forcing him to issue public articles of self-criticism and commitments to reform his cinematic visions to conform to the increasingly specific doctrines of socialist realism .
In more complex animals , specialized receptor cells such as chemoreceptors and photoreceptors are found in groups and send messages along neural networks to other parts of the organism .
He was the first Democrat elected in South Dakota to that position since 1930 .
Germany and the Netherlands were also reportedly considering the possibility of supplying aid where needed .
But since Jain sources postdate Buddhist ones , it is difficult to distinguish between the nature of the early Jain school and elements derived from other schools .
The European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights conducted a poll in 2011 that found over 80 per cent of the Roma people surveyed had been subject to discrimination in the past year .
By yesterday , with only a few days left before the start of the 2012 Summer Paralympics , the Australian team had made themselves at home inside the Paralympic Village with uniquely Australian symbols including the emu and kangaroo .
They are also unpleasant for humans and can cause headaches and nausea .
In spring 1917 , he was elected to command the students ' volunteer army , set up to defend the school from marauding soldiers .
The latter heaped superlatives upon The Death of Ivan Ilyich and Anna Karenina ; he questioned , however , the reputation of War and Peace , and sharply criticized Resurrection and The Kreutzer Sonata .
It was disbanded during the Cultural Revolution under Mao , but was re-established in 1980 .
In this case , the draped canopy is of bronze , and all the details , including the olive leaves , bees , and the portrait heads of Urban 's niece in childbirth and her newborn son , are picked out in gold leaf .
We promote equality and diversity through a variety of policies and initiatives , including the ` One Stirling ' campaign , which outlines our commitment to these values .
Bread is a staple food prepared from a dough of flour and water , usually by baking .
Revere mayor Dan Rizzo said , `` We were very , very fortunate to have no casualties and just some minor injuries from this monumental storm that took us all by surprise '' .
Regarding the wait to play , Kerr said , `` It 's hard .
In a speech to the Conservative Party conference in Manchester , Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne said : `` Provided we can find the savings to pay for it , I want to freeze fuel duty for the rest of this Parliament . ''
They claim that Countrywide representatives tricked them into signing loan documents that were subsequently altered to appear to commit them to an obligation they had not agreed to .
Official reports , following police and military action against the attackers , insist seven people took part in the school attack ; although a statement , issued by the TTK , insists there were only six , their targets being older pupils .
Fine silk was also made in Dabik and Damietta .
However , new processes were adopted in the ensuing years .
I spent four years in leadership as an assistant majority floor leader for communications revamping the whole communications process through two communications directors .
Surgeons must also manage pre-operative , post-operative , and potential surgical candidates on the hospital wards .
She also commented on the floods which affected the suburb of North Wagga in March 2012 .
Nietzsche presents this `` master morality '' as the original system of morality -- perhaps best associated with Homeric Greece .
Ancient sky watchers imagined that prominent arrangements of stars formed patterns , and they associated these with particular aspects of nature or their myths .
He argues that `` Even the Catholic Church shows polytheistic aspects with the ` worshipping ' of the saints . ''
Multiple ambulances were sent to the scene .
Despite Israeli ground maneuvers in the Gaza Strip , Hamas is maintaining rocket fire towards Israel and simultaneously battling the Israeli forces on the ground .
In addition to raising the wages of his workers , Ford also introduced a new , reduced workweek in 1926 .
Cyrillic fonts , as well as Latin ones , have roman and italic types -LRB- practically all popular modern fonts include parallel sets of Latin and Cyrillic letters , where many glyphs , uppercase as well as lowercase , are simply shared by both -RRB- .
In some cultures , sumptuary laws regulate what men and women are required to wear .
A strong aftershock happened and we ran away again .
Cultural practices including traditional music can be lost or turned into a fusion of traditions .
Another explanation lies in the different forces generated by tidal forces of the Sun and Moon .
The core consists of high areas of income and profit ; the periphery is on the opposing side of the spectrum consisting of areas of low income and profit .
The above proof of the converse makes use of the Pythagorean theorem itself .
South Korea has two returning 2010 Games silver medalists , Kang Mi-Suk and Kim Myung-Jin .
Fiscal conservatives in the Senate blocked the measure , fearing it could increase administrative costs .
So about three or four weeks later I get a phone call from Ben and he said `` We 've got a camp coming up in February , would you like to come in ? ''
These were confiscated by the Gestapo in 1933 , but scholars continue to search for them .
In 1806 he started teaching a fighting art in the city of Shuri that he called `` Tudi Sakukawa , '' which meant `` Sakukawa of China Hand . ''
The Institute of Directors said laws `` must be updated if the UK is to enjoy the benefits of our shale potential '' , specifically by scrapping laws on trespass to allow the gas extraction to occur .
The main population and industrial areas are in South Wales , consisting of the coastal cities of Cardiff , Swansea and Newport , and the South Wales Valleys to their north .
Four and a half hours later , the space module landed in the Pacific Ocean .
The Catholic Conference of Illinois released a statement `` deeply disappointed that members of the General Assembly chose to redefine what is outside of its authority : a natural institution like marriage .
Tesla credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence .
Highlighting other countries where legalisation has been implemented , he pointed out such led to lower crime , and lower drug use overall .
Kangaroo culls in the Australian capital have been held annually for several years , which have drawn protests .
The Australians led the whole game , which was nonetheless entertaining to the last .
Modern criminal law has been affected considerably by the social sciences , especially with respect to sentencing , legal research , legislation , and rehabilitation .
The law also contains provisions that would protect individuals from being required to perform marriages if their congregation has opted-in but they disagree with same-sex marriage .
This type of hole is usually larger than typical lacunosus holes , and a formal recommendation has been made to classify it as a supplementary feature , possibly with the Latin name cavus .
I worked with Senator -LSB- Dennis -RSB- Kruse , who had told me that Senator -LSB- David -RSB- Long had wanted to control that process and have Senator Mike Young introduce the amendment on the floor that would restore the second sentence so that we could adopt the entire amendment and send it to the voters .
One instance of opposing parliamentary vote will not have impact on US-UK relations .
Internet usage has seen tremendous growth .
The newspapers wish to allow former editors of newspapers to serve on the `` recognition panel '' which would supervise the operation of the regulator while the government wishes to forbid former editors .
This happened the same day the new Italian government is being sworn in .
In 2013 it was discovered he had a tumour on his gallbladder .
A number of insects , such as the small tortoiseshell butterfly , add to the biodiversity .
William James , John Dewey and Harvey Carr advanced a more expansive doctrine called functionalism , attuned more to human -- environment actions .
Their view is if they boycotted the Games , their message of peace would be forgotten in a few hours .
Bibby was replaced by Casey Samuels .
Moreover , when the imaginary part is negative , it is common to write a − bi with b > 0 instead of a + -LRB- − b -RRB- i , for example 3 − 4i instead of 3 + -LRB- − 4 -RRB- i.
Over half of the 67 total being built were in Asia , with 28 in China .
However , Johnson fell behind after a caution on lap 218 , and dropped back further into the field after another caution on lap 229 .
Brockie , 50 , died last month .
Later machinery such as spinning frames , spinning mules and power looms were expensive -LRB- especially if water powered -RRB- , giving rise to capitalist ownership of factories .
Laozi is traditionally regarded as the founder of Taoism , intimately connected with the Daodejing and `` primordial '' -LRB- or `` original '' -RRB- Taoism .
The initial form of morality was set by a warrior aristocracy and other ruling castes of ancient civilizations .
Israel confirmed the release on Saturday , but delayed it until Tuesday for an Israeli court appeal by victims ' families to prevent it .
These scholars assert that `` some Christians were executed as common criminals in the Colosseum -- their crime being refusal to reverence the Roman gods '' , but most Christian martyrs of the early Church were executed for their faith at the Circus Maximus .
Other mammals , called herbivores , eat plants , which contain complex carbohydrates such as cellulose .
The Company 's army had first joined forces with the Royal Navy during the Seven Years ' War , and the two continued to co-operate in arenas outside India : the eviction of the French from Egypt -LRB- 1799 -RRB- , the capture of Java from the Netherlands -LRB- 1811 -RRB- , the acquisition of Singapore -LRB- 1819 -RRB- and Malacca -LRB- 1824 -RRB- and the defeat of Burma -LRB- 1826 -RRB- .
Italy had several good chances but they were not able to capitalize on them .
If the bowler succeeds in putting down the wicket the batsman is dismissed and is said to be bowled out .
Meanwhile , the German princes had elected another king , Rudolf of Swabia .
Of the five collaborations , only the two commissions for the Charnley family still stand .
In 1190 , Frederick participated in the Third Crusade and died in the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia .
The explosion occurred just before midnight local time in Rafah .
The river Amstel ends in the city centre and connects to a large number of canals that eventually terminate in the IJ .
He was generally unable to retain solid food and his condition worsened .
In polygynous species , males will try to monopolize and mate with multiple females .
Leo Varadkar , Ireland 's Health Minister , introduced emergency legislation in the lower house of the Irish parliament yesterday evening , to negate the legal loophole created by a decision from Dublin 's Court of Appeal that morning .
The term engineering is derived from the word engineer , which itself dates back to 1390 when an engine'er -LRB- literally , one who operates an engine -RRB- originally referred to `` a constructor of military engines . ''
The security guards may have been mistaken for policemen by the attackers .
He wrote in 1964 : `` What she does is neither difficult nor diverting , but the fact that she does it at all fills the onlookers with wonder ... It takes two to make a conjuring trick : the illusionist 's sleight of hand and the stooge 's desire to be deceived .
The other South Korean skier who finished today was Chi Won Lee , who finished ninth in the men 's sitting slalom group .
In Washington , D.C. go-go emerged as a reaction against disco and eventually incorporated characteristics of hip hop during the early 1980s .
Regarding personal gods -LRB- shén , energies who emanate from and reproduce the Tiān -RRB- enliving nature , in Analects 6.22 Confucius says that it is appropriate -LRB- 義 / 义 , yì -RRB- for people to worship -LRB- 敬 , jìng -RRB- them , though through proper rites -LRB- 禮 / 礼 , lǐ -RRB- , implying respect of positions and discretion .
There is generally a Christian religion established as the official church in each of these countries .
Those talks ended with an agreement to return and discuss the treaty by the end of October .
And how every step of the process the decisions that he made gave evidence to what I was saying that the people were never going to see this amendment at the ballot box in November of 2014 .
Various names have been applied to the conflict .
By the second day , reinforcements had boosted French numbers up to 70,000 .
Republican Senator Mitch McConnell was also sworn in on Tuesday as the Senate majority leader , marking the first time in eight years when Republicans have controlled both the House and Senate .
A recent WHO report said `` community resistance '' is a `` major barrier to control '' in the countries Ebola has worst hit .
Both scientific parties and crew took oceanographic and geological samples and had a common tug of war and a football game on an ice floe .
At 8:49 , Medina took a shot for Getafe and missed .
NE : This presupposes that this investigation is looking for King Alfred .
Napoleon assumed command in Germany and inflicted a series of defeats on the Coalition culminating in the Battle of Dresden in August 1813 .
Stoelker replied on the eleventh day .
Tsarnaev was represented by Judy Clarke , a death penalty specialist who previously represented Ted Kaczynski , the `` Unabomber '' .
The additional 18 year sentence means Bayley would not be eligible to apply for parole until the year 2058 .
The popular video sharing website was banned along with social media platform Twitter after leakage though the services in March of audio recordings of government meetings .
Taking into account the repartition of the letters , a recent study of Stephan Vonfelt highlights the unity of the works of Homer compared to Hesiod .
Rodovia Ayrton Senna/SP -70 -LRB- Ayrton Senna Highway -RRB- -- named after Brazilian legendary Formula One driver Ayrton Senna , the motorway connects São Paulo to east locations of the state , as well as the north coast of the state .
From the 16th century the English noun continent was derived from the term continent land , meaning continuous or connected land and translated from the Latin terra continens .
His matrilineal great-grandfather was Abram Petrovich Gannibal , who was kidnapped from Eritrea and raised in the household of Peter the Great .
On a JustGiving page , Sutton explained why he was raising money for his chosen charity .
Silver investments of various types are available on stock markets , including mining , silver streaming , and silver-backed exchange-traded funds .
The issue stems initially from a report in the Daily Telegraph regarding Miller 's expenses claims to help pay a mortgage on a house in south London that Miller shares with her parents .
Varying placement of webs allows different species of spider to trap different insects in the same area , for example flat horizontal webs trap insects that fly up from vegetation underneath while flat vertical webs trap insects in horizontal flight .
An original * / p / lenited to / f / , and * / ɡ / - consistently attested in pre-Islamic Greek transcription of Arabic languages - became palatalized to / ɡʲ / or / ɟ / by the time of the Quran and / d͡ʒ / , / ɡ / , / ʒ / or / ɟ / in MSA -LRB- see Arabic phonology #Local variations for more detail -RRB- .
Shinzo Abe said he was motivated to help keep international peace -- by protecting other nations ' troops , which was beyond the scope currently allowed under the constitution .
This being an effort to significantly increase the audio-visual content available in Wikipedia and other Wikimedia Foundation projects .
On that day reportedly thirteen people on a bus were killed and sixteen wounded when separatists struck the bus with a Grad missile launcher near a Ukrainian checkpoint .
`` They need to do that right away , when they come in and they 're fresh , '' said Ledwell .
The President 's reaction to the storm also earned him positive polling , with a Washington Post/ABC survey saying 8 out of 10 respondents thought Obama had responded in a `` good '' or `` excellent '' manner to the storm .
Their name refers to its large head and mouth , used to filter plankton and other small food from the ocean .
Wikinews attended Thursday 's press preview for the event where a full contingent of the capital 's press turned out to see the striking collection of paintings , photographs , and other works .
Former Pakistani international footballer Abdul Ghafoor has died in Karachi at the age of 71 .
In 2006 , scientists researching the ancestry of birds `` turned on '' a chicken recessive gene , talpid2 , and found that the embryo jaws initiated formation of teeth , like those found in ancient bird fossils .
The quote follows media claims the US President directed the Marine Corps to make a change to a more `` girly '' dress hat .
translated by Terry Pinkard -LRB- 2012 -RRB-
The koine in turn had come from the first librarian at Alexandria , Zenodotus , who flourished at the beginning of the 3rd century BCE .
Of the species that lived in the Eocene epoch , around one in 10 genera survive to the present .
Reverend Dr William Hamilton from the Church of Scotland said while the Church opposes same-sex marriage , they stand against homophobia and `` will continue to be a constructive voice in the national debate '' about the bill .
The facade is often cited as the least satisfactory part of the design of St. Peter 's .
Along with many allegations from many other women in the wider investigation , Karin Ward claims she was groped by Starr in the 1970s when she , then aged 14 , attended a recording of Savile 's television show ` Clunk Click ' .
This is why Labor members have the freedom to vote their conscience , a freedom Tony Abbott is currently denying his party . ''
The Greek language holds an important place in the history of the Western world and Christianity ; the canon of ancient Greek literature includes seminal works in the Western canon such as the epic poems Iliad and Odyssey .
Reports say anywhere between 100 and 1,300 people were killed in the attack .
Outside the Scottish Parliament on Wednesday , a demonstration was held by the LGBT rights group Equality Network supporting the bill .
The apparent brightness of a star is expressed in terms of its apparent magnitude .
Simon Ličen : I would speculate that the American public is largely indifferent to the event as it is currently represented in the media .
In the United Kingdom , rugby union fans sometimes used the term `` rugger '' as an alternative name for the sport , -LRB- see Oxford ' - er ' -RRB- , although this archaic expression has not had currency since the 1950s or earlier .
This is problematic because only younger galaxies where stars are still forming are regular hosts to such events , with most galaxies believed to have a supermassive black hole at the centre .
The Internet Message Access Protocol -LRB- IMAP -RRB- provides features to manage a mailbox from multiple devices .
Fred Phelps , the founder of the vehemently anti-gay Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka , Kansas , died yesterday aged 84 .
The Capitals had only won one of their last twelve games -- though Canberra and Townsville have been the only teams to defeat Bendigo Spirit , the top side in the competition .
Inflammation associated with nerve cell destruction often alters the color and appearance of the gray matter in the spinal column , causing it to appear reddish and swollen .
A number of organizations exist that promote the acceptance of obesity .
Yet the contest began .
On Tuesday the World Bank released the 2012 World Development Report on Gender Equality and Development .
Without their men 's team competing , the women 's competition is expected to generate considerable interest in Canada .
Rudaw reported from within Kurdistan that the local political parties have put aside their differences and are recruiting volunteers to send to the front .
Mosaic 's graphical user interface allowed the Web to become , by far , the most popular Internet protocol .
The third company is Via4 , which operates the new Line 4 -LRB- São Paulo Metro -RRB- .
Whereas Marxism condemned capitalism as a system of exploitative property relations , fascism saw the nature of the control of credit and money in the contemporary capitalist system as abusive .
What came to be known as the Greek language question was a polarization between two competing varieties of Modern Greek : Dimotiki , the vernacular form of Modern Greek proper , and Katharevousa , meaning ` purified ' , a compromise between Dimotiki and Ancient Greek , which was developed in the early 19th century and was used for literary and official purposes in the newly formed Greek state .
There are people going up there who have no idea how to put on crampons .
We strongly object to the death penalty and continue to provide consular assistance to Lindsay and her family during this difficult time , '' he said .
His most famous pupil was the young Anthony van Dyck , who soon became the leading Flemish portraitist and collaborated frequently with Rubens .
Going into the elections , Obama was already forecast to win in California , with RealClearPolitics predicting he would win by 14 points .
A seated statue of Darwin , unveiled 1897 , stands in front of Shrewsbury Library , the building that used to house Shrewsbury School , which Darwin attended as a boy .
Great Britain , Turkey , Spain , Sweden , Italy , Germany and the Netherlands are to round out the championships as the men 's teams from the European Zone .
A 1568 history by Hadrianus Junius of Holland claims that the basic idea of the movable type came to Gutenberg from Laurens Janszoon Coster via Fust , who was apprenticed to Coster in the 1430s and may have brought some of his equipment from Haarlem to Mainz .
According to the Marcan priority , the first to be written was the Gospel of Mark -LRB- written AD 60 -- 75 -RRB- , followed by the Gospel of Matthew -LRB- AD 65 -- 85 -RRB- , the Gospel of Luke -LRB- AD 65 -- 95 -RRB- , and the Gospel of John -LRB- AD 75 -- 100 -RRB- .
New South Wales premier Mike Baird said people should leave work early and arrive home before dark , as storms were predicted to intensify .
But for gravitational waves produced in astrophysically relevant situations , such as the merger of two black holes , numerical methods are presently the only way to construct appropriate models .
According to Hamas deputy leader Mousa Abu Marzook , the negotiations will begin next Monday , and will include several issues that have yet to be properly finalized during the previous talks .
The thermal efficiency of a theoretical cycle can not exceed that of the Carnot cycle , whose efficiency is determined by the difference between the lower and upper operating temperatures of the engine .
Filipinos were the largest Southeast Asian ethnic group at 0.8 % , followed by Vietnamese , who made up 0.2 % of New York City 's population in 2010 .
The charges relate to complaints about alleged events between 1974 and 1984 involving three females between eight and seventeen years of age .
In 1714 , the British government offered large financial rewards to the value of 20,000 pounds , for anyone who could determine longitude accurately .
On the day Lincoln was assassinated , he reportedly told his wife he desired to visit the Holy Land .
He said `` An explosion occurred and it 's believed that they must have collided .
According to statistics published by the American Pet Products Manufacturers Association in the National Pet Owner Survey in 2009 -- 2010 , it is estimated there are 77.5 million people with pet dogs in the United States .
`` I think the rest of the country is moving towards being more open and accepting about gay marriage , '' Wanden said .
One of the world 's oldest surviving printed documents is a miniature Buddhist dharani sutra unearthed at Xi'an in 1974 and dated roughly from 650 to 670 .
The rubber-costumed band remains to publicly decide if they will continue to perform and record .
This leads to an overall better environment .
Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following it .
Yoga as a philosophy is mentioned in Sanskrit texts dated to be completed between 200 BCE -- 200 CE .
One of them is the channels that NBC as the broadcasting rights owner for the United States will use to air the Paralympic Games on .
He married again in 1797 , although this second wife also died after a short time .
This rule dates back to the organization 's founding and no serious attempts have been made to change it since .
Certainly no one who is not a desirable parent should be permitted to produce progeny .
The airline says they conducted their survey , which polled 1,000 flight crew , as part of a long campaign to unionise Ryanair pilots .
So showing the Paralympics live on United States television might turn out to be less glamorous than it appears .
The community 's spokeswoman , Kelly S. Kuntz , announced Leader 's death .
Having received offers of a post from the Universities of Erlangen , Berlin , and Heidelberg , Hegel chose Heidelberg , where he moved in 1816 .
The Indian government repealed this law in 2014 .
In addition , adults of some species can survive the winter by taking shelter in suitable microhabitats such as buildings or hollow trees .
With the ongoing hunger strike , an Israeli bill has been drafted , allowing force-feeding of hunger striking prisoners , and use of extra force if needed .
Weather warnings are important forecasts because they are used to protect life and property .
But with Jesus no longer regarded as the paradigm of gentile Christianity , Paul 's position became more important in Jewish historical reconstructions of their religion 's relationship with Christianity .
The young and less religious continue to leave according to a 2016 Central Bureau of Statistics report which noted 6,740 people left .
In 1913 , male universal suffrage was adopted .
Davie 's work was admired by the likes of Jackson Pollock , Mark Rothko and David Hockney .
Goss , who had been due to retire in October , is a key figure of Ryanair Pilots Group -LRB- RPG -RRB- , which conducted a survey of more than 1,000 flight crew .
At least 50 children have died as the result of a train and bus collision in the Asyut Governorate of Egypt .
This limit was reached on Tuesday , reported to have been triggered by Verizon publishing another 15,000 paths .
Inertial mass is a measure of an object 's resistance to acceleration when a force is applied .
It is celebrated through the construction of temporary booths called sukkot -LRB- sing .
Given the Earth 's surface area , that means the globally averaged annual precipitation is 990 mm -LRB- 39 in -RRB- .
Scholars divide the ministry of Jesus into several stages .
The minister continued , `` As we were about to leave , -LSB- the Church of Wells group leader -RSB- said , ` Prophets of God are not to be mocked . '
Pakistan blames Indian troops for committing human rights abuses against followers of Islam in Jammu and Kashmir , whom it claims to support only politically .
He wrote in the Analects -LRB- 7.23 -RRB- that Tian gave him life , and that Tian watched and judged .
Channel 4 is also amongst organisations to have named the detained person and put an image of them online .
In contrast to the bacterial flagellum , which is hollow and is assembled by subunits moving up the central pore to the tip of the flagella , archaeal flagella are synthesized by adding subunits at the base .
He struggled to work with an unfamiliar crew and the requirements of a Hollywood production , while his working methods puzzled his American producers , who ultimately concluded that the director must be mentally ill .
In the literature , this mineral phase of the lower mantle is also often called magnesiowüstite .
However , Arabs never used this to print the Quran because of the limits imposed by Islamic doctrine .
Many of those killed appeared to be children , with some of the pictures and video coming out of the country showing -- according to witnesses -- those who died from apparent suffocation ; some foaming at the mouth , others having convulsions .
A Police Scotland spokesperson said the sighting , which was reportedly made by divers from the local area , was reported to the force at 10:40 BST -LRB- 0940 UTC -RRB- yesterday .
The species is the fourth forelimbs-only terrestrial tetrapods species known to science , and the first one which also has no fingers on the forelimbs .
Lenin urged Bolsheviks to take a greater role in the events , encouraging violent insurrection .
He destroyed a symphonic movement prepared for an end-of-term competition , after its scornful rejection by the autocratic director Joseph Hellmesberger on the grounds of copying errors .
Kane said today 's decision `` brings justice to Pennsylvanians who have suffered from unequal protection under the law because of their sexual orientation '' .
The rate or speed of transmission of viral infections depends on factors that include population density , the number of susceptible individuals , -LRB- i.e. , those not immune -RRB- , the quality of healthcare and the weather .
Barry Schwartz , a sociologist who has examined America 's cultural memory , argues that in the 1930s and 1940s , the memory of Abraham Lincoln was practically sacred and provided the nation with `` a moral symbol inspiring and guiding American life '' .
Victoria won all four of its games .
The Spotsylvania County school district sent out a memorandum saying the school 's administration is working with counsellors to help students cope with the loss of their classmate .
Webb favors less US intervention abroad , fewer free trade agreements , and supports gun rights .
By the 6th century BC several cities had emerged as dominant in Greek affairs : Athens , Sparta , Corinth , and Thebes .
He said his administration had focused on `` those who actually killed us on 9/11 '' and said that under his leadership , `` al-Qaeda 's core leadership has been decimated '' .
After his meeting with the Israeli prime minister , Mr. Blatter held a press conference , in which he said Prime Minister Netanyahu was agreeable to a `` peace match '' , perhaps organized by FIFA , between the Israeli and Palestinian national teams .
In Greece , the Greek physician Hippocrates , the `` father of western medicine '' , laid the foundation for a rational approach to medicine .
Wind speeds can reach 250 metres per second -LRB- 900 km/h ; 560 mph -RRB- .
The speed of the response is a result of signal amplification that occurs following sequential proteolytic activation of complement molecules , which are also proteases .
He calls for severe punishments `` in accordance with the law '' , as well as to `` crack down on those who have been swollen with arrogance '' .
In 1201 , a khuruldai elected Jamukha as Gür Khan , `` universal ruler '' , a title used by the rulers of the Qara Khitai .
Sutton , himself a cancer sufferer , gained media attention in the UK for his fundraising activities for Teenage Cancer Trust , which have raised more than # 3.3 million -LRB- US$ 5.5 million or $ 4 million -RRB- for the charity .
The high fatalities of trench warfare caused the loss of much of a generation of men , with lasting social effects in the nation and a great disruption in the social order .
These additional letters were used for Old Church Slavonic sounds not found in Greek .
Notice that Q increases linearly with frequency if L and R are constant .
Moreover , the comet being magnified much beyond what its light would admit of , appeared hazy and ill-defined with these great powers , while the stars preserved that lustre and distinctness which from many thousand observations I knew they would retain .
`` Neither of us , I 'm sure , would have wanted it to happen right then , and obviously with winning that tournament almost makes it seem a little bit strange , '' Stosur acknowledged .
Many philosophical debates that began in ancient times are still debated today .
Regardless , Louvre purchased The Frame , making her the first Mexican artist to be featured in their collection .
Neurons are sometimes called nerve cells , though this term is potentially misleading since many neurons do not form nerves , and nerves also include non-neuronal Schwann cells that coat the axons in myelin .
German weekly publication Der Spiegel yesterday accused the United States ' National Security Agency -LRB- NSA -RRB- of spying on the United Nations headquarters in New York .
Netanyahu described the victory as being `` against all odds '' .
A spokeswoman for Cameron elaborated : `` The prime minister has been very clear this morning it is a deeply disappointing judgment .
-LSB- Staff -RSB- come together in this terrible time with the pain of the families and those close to the victims '' .
In that place , I found an old jar of ethanol with two weird little specimens previously collected by a student who did n't realize it was something new .
Galen claims that the High Priest chose him over other physicians after he eviscerated an ape and challenged other physicians to repair the damage .
The second and third days in the parliament saw the highest number of MEPs coming to see the visiting Wikimedians and have their photographs taken .
He has overseen the transformation of his country to a significant player in the politics of the region , including forming the Al Jazeera news channel , and supporting Arab nations that ousted their rulers during the Arab Spring .
Keeping that promise can not be combined with any other political capacity '' .
The runoff problem is exacerbated by the loss of coastal wetlands which act as a natural filter for toxins and help deposit sediment .
Using a sophisticated symmetry argument , Boltzmann deduced what is now called the Maxwell -- Boltzmann probability distribution function for the velocity of particles in an ideal gas .
Israeli doctors and highly regarded hospitals such as Hadassah Medical Center are available to residents .
Generalizing finite and the ordinary infinite sequences which are maps from the positive integers leads to mappings from ordinal numbers , and transfinite sequences .
Attorney-General George Brandis mentioned at a joint press conference in Canberra on Tuesday , he has `` been asked to develop -- in consultation with relevant stakeholders , in particular , in the telecommunications sector -- a system of mandatory data retention .
Aviation Safety Council managing director Thomas Wang confirmed an automated `` number two engine flameout '' message should have alerted the crew to the engine trouble , leading them to follow `` the corresponding checklist '' .
One -- Brian Babin -- simply voted ` present ' while the remaining twenty four voted for a variety of other candidates .
One of the real joys of that whole process for me was meeting Bobby Plump and going to Milan and meeting the -LSB- 19 -RSB- 54 basketball team .
The parasite also alters the behaviour of the ant , causing them to carry their gasters high .
The Portuguese historian Teixeira de Aragão suggests that he studied at the inland town of Évora , which is where he may have learned mathematics and navigation .
Two Australian Paralympic wheelchair basketball players , Shelley Chaplin and Leanne Del Toso , are cycling around Fiji to raise money for people in Fiji with disabilities .
The female driver of the vehicle managed to get out of the vehicle herself but another male passenger in the front of the car had to be cut free by fire service members .
Gusmini and his parents reportedly lived on Via Papa Giovanni XXIII , a street in Lovere named after another late pontiff to be canonized alongside Pope John Paul II , Pope John XXIII .
The spokesman said the Taliban were acting more as a battalion , citing foreign reinforcements as the source of their apparent new-found strength .
Although Rome had a native tradition of performance , the Hellenization of Roman culture in the 3rd century BCE had a profound and energizing effect on Roman theatre and encouraged the development of Latin literature of the highest quality for the stage .
In November 1913 , Tagore learned he had won that year 's Nobel Prize in Literature : the Swedish Academy appreciated the idealistic -- and for Westerners -- accessible nature of a small body of his translated material focussed on the 1912 Gitanjali : Song Offerings .
The US ' heavily armored , 90 mm M48A3 Patton tank saw extensive action during the Vietnam War and over 600 were deployed with US Forces .
Penrose died on the top floor of the jail 's E Hall .
Over 90 % of those surveyed wanted a regulatory inquiry , with RPG saying the survey results were passed to the airline and the IAA .
Maize represented anthropomorphically as well as naturally .
The pilots had opted for an unplanned 180-degree turn to avoid flying low over obstructions including people and vehicles .
However , cats have been reported as surviving into their 30s , with the oldest known cat , Creme Puff , dying at a verified age of 38 .
Life cycle analysis -LRB- LCA -RRB- of carbon dioxide emissions show nuclear power as comparable to renewable energy sources .
It is using its support of the Syrian regime to accomplish that objective .
I think so , '' Mr Hockey responded `` Should the GST be taken off them ?
Brazil 's conscription policy gives it one of the world 's largest military forces , estimated at more than 1.6 million reservist annually .
The UNHCR report made clear Australia does not have a process for clearing the asylum seekers , which means their detention in the camps is indefinite and a violation of international human rights .
The territory was ruled over by Raja Vir Narayan , a minor , and his mother , Durgavati , a Rajput warrior queen of the Gonds .
In 2010 , he organized the `` Pilots and Patriots Defending the Constitution '' ahead of the that year 's midterm elections .
Literally , the next day I had to get on an airplane to fly to Camp Shelby , Mississippi to do my 2 weeks of army training in the middle of nowhere .
Fish typically have quite small brains relative to body size compared with other vertebrates , typically one-fifteenth the brain mass of a similarly sized bird or mammal .
The projects would expand São Paulo 's urban railway system from the current 322 km -LRB- 200 mi -RRB- to more than 500 km -LRB- 310 mi -RRB- , surpassing the London Underground .
Still , the song is written and discussed , and its proximity to the maxixe made it finally be designated samba-maxixe .
At the other side of Uranus 's orbit the orientation of the poles towards the Sun is reversed .
Radio astronomy uses radiation outside the visible range with wavelengths greater than approximately one millimeter .
Reacting to the news , SNP leader and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon tweeted : `` I wish Jim Murphy all the very best for the future .
Let 's do some public meetings .
His Australian teammates , including Jessica Gallagher , Melissa Perrine , Toby Kane , and Cameron Rahles Rahbula , missed the Championships either because they needed a small break from this season 's competition schedule or to give themselves additional time to train for the Sochi Test event coming up next month .
Getafe 's Iranian international Morteza Gharibloo made a three point shot attempt that was an airball at the 1:36 mark , with ONCE picking the up the rebound .
Ahnlund resigned , alleging that the selection of Jelinek had caused `` irreparable damage to all progressive forces , it has also confused the general view of literature as an art . ''
Maize is used as a fish bait , called `` dough balls '' .
Mild steel corrodes more readily than wrought iron , but is cheaper and more widely available .
Nanomechanical devices and algorithmic self-assembly have also been demonstrated , and these DNA structures have been used to template the arrangement of other molecules such as gold nanoparticles and streptavidin proteins .
The incident adds to troubles on the West Highland Line this weekend .
Biographer Vincent LoBrutto notes that Kubrick 's confined way of living and desire for privacy has led to spurious stories about his reclusiveness , similar to those of Greta Garbo , Howard Hughes , and J. D. Salinger .
Liberal states should not really be flashing their hardware in a strutting , provocative way like this .
Former American astronaut Neil Armstrong has died at the age of 82 , due to complications following heart bypass surgery earlier this month .
Islam requires women to wear more modest forms of attire , usually hijab .
Participation in the African slave trade and the subsequent treatment of its 12 to 15 million Africans is viewed by some to be a more modern extension of America 's `` internal colonialism '' .
-LRB- -LRB- WSS -RRB- -RRB- Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
During this period Mesopotamia housed some of the world 's most ancient highly developed and socially complex states .
Hamas maintains Israel `` is the aggressor . ''
The most important decisions of the AU are made by the Assembly of the African Union , a semi-annual meeting of the heads of state and government of its member states .
Representatives from the University of Stirling , located in central Scotland , has said it has `` zero-tolerance '' for racism and is `` disappointed that the actions of a few are tarnishing the -LSB- university 's -RSB- reputation '' .
Twenty-six people have died so-far this year as result of having contracted the virus , approximately half occurring in Texas .
During the Tuesday meeting , Abe also expressed a concern that the country 's national security was not ready for potential regional conflicts : `` Japan 's preparation for national security threats in the region is not sufficient .
Lieutenant William Dawes produced a town plan in 1790 but it was ignored by the colony 's leaders .
But increasingly , China 's stance will conflict with its growing strength and growing responsibilities on the world stage .
Alex Millington put Uni ahead 8 -- 5 at the 20 minute mark through a penalty goal .
According to Saul , '' -LSB- p -RSB- hilosophy , the oldest of the humanities , is also the malest -LRB- and the whitest -RRB- .
Police said she has not suffered any major injuries and medical evidence confirmed rape .
A certain way is chosen and that becomes the fashion as defined by a certain people as a whole , so if a particular style has a meaning in an already occurring set of beliefs that style will become fashion .
Dudley Brooks , an African-American composer and studio musician who worked with Presley during the 1950s and 1960s , also disputed allegations that Presley was a racist .
The strength of the Turkish economy is also seen as a positive with their bid going forward .
The earliest known Turkic inscriptions are the three monumental Orkhon inscriptions found in modern Mongolia .
Côte d'Ivoire is fielding four competitors in-all ; Addoh Kimou and Kouame Jean-luc Noumbo are to represent their country in athletics , Kimou competing in the men 's T46 200 and 400 metre events , Noumbo in the men 's T46 100 and 200 metres .
That potential race is now taking shape with two candidates having emerged as the frontrunners for their respective parties ' nominations : Republican Senator Scott Brown and Democratic Representative Ed Markey .
Each of the four legs has eight `` linkages '' which convert the force applied by a motor into motion .
The launch took place at 9:52 AM on Monday morning , delayed from the original schedule by three minutes to avoid space debris .
Paying tribute to Fraser was Peter Nixon , a minister in Fraser 's cabinet .
A way to look at the difference between the two is through an example .
ONCE , with 2012 Summer Paralympics Australian international Bill Latham and British international Terry Bywater , came into the game with a multi-game winning streak in which they averaged 79 points while holding their opponents to an average of 31.5 points .
The colouring and compositions of Veronese and Tintoretto had an immediate effect on Rubens 's painting , and his later , mature style was profoundly influenced by Titian .
He became Sir David after being knighted in 1993 , and won numerous awards for his work throughout his time .
In the case of a humanitarian crisis as in Syria right now , does the U.S. ever have a moral obligation to intervene militarily even if it is not clearly in the U.S. interest ?
Under the new Marriage -LRB- Definition of Marriage -RRB- Amendment Act , marriage in New Zealand is now defined as `` the union of two people , regardless of their sex , sexual orientation , or gender identity '' .
When only 16 to 24 year-olds are included , Spain 's overall relative performance increases by two spots , as a result of beating out Italy and the United States .
Three turnovers in the first quarter were especially costly for the Steelers , who lost 56 -- 43 .
Louisville , Kentucky , about 35 miles south of Austin , was the first Kentucky municipal government to approve a needle exchange program .
When complaints are divided by a state 's total population , New Hampshire leads .
Yuriy Kolobov , the former finance minister of Ukraine has been arrested in Spain on charges of fraud and embezzlement .
I had been approached by some folks out in Washington , D.C. , specifically that I have known for years and that had an interest in me considering that .
Cold brew coffee is made by steeping coarsely ground beans in cold water for several hours , then filtering them .
Pupils in England , Wales , and Northern Ireland currently sit GCSEs .
Extensive human rights abuses still occur in several parts of Africa , often under the oversight of the state .
Williams ' selection is unique amongst Australians as most Australians who have played in the NFL have been kickers .
Free sunscreen was given to the crowd .
4,600 of those evacuated in this way were Indian , with citizens of Western countries rescued , including Britain , France , and the United States among others .
Usually such music was associated with annual festivals , when the year 's crop was harvested and several days were set aside for celebration .
The basic units of the breast are the terminal duct lobular units -LRB- TDLUs -RRB- , which produce the fatty breast milk .
Latin American poets of the 20th century who wrote prose poems include Octavio Paz and Giannina Braschi
And she and I play my guitar and sing every night .
Their study was published in Scientific Reports on July 28 , and covered in Nevada 's Review journal this Saturday .
While this was considered a controversial method at the time , she succeeded .
Kant articulates his strongest criticisms of the organization and practices of religious organizations to those that encourage what he sees as a religion of counterfeit service to God .
It is mind boggling to me that since 2008 the United States government has added a trillion dollars in national debt each and every year .
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan described the incident as a `` dastardly attack '' .
Istanbul 2020 has a technically outstanding master plan and delivery structure , and we would grab the world 's attention with a breathtaking setting and a series of groundbreaking firsts , such as being the first ever Games held in two continents simultaneously .
Nearly all mammaliaforms possess an epipubic bone , the exception being modern placentals .
Three on board and seven on the ground were killed .
According to Economic Planning Secretary Arsenio Balisacan , strong domestic demand from the services sector and spending from money remitted by expatriate Filipinos helped boost the nation 's economy despite the ongoing global economic crisis .
Reductions in natural wealth may reduce incentives for tourists to visit .
Reduction of / j / and / w / between vowels occurs in a number of circumstances and is responsible for much of the complexity of third-weak -LRB- `` defective '' -RRB- verbs .
Nazi official Hans Frank suggested that Alois 's mother had been employed as a housekeeper by a Jewish family in Graz , and that the family 's 19-year-old son Leopold Frankenberger had fathered Alois .
Like , Alex Jones is a good example of the two , Alex Jones is a person who shaped something up like that , in the same way that The Young Turks did , where it 's about news and media but he did his own thing , and with the help of the internet , which is was `` new media '' usually refers to nowadays , internet media has been booming because of people like him ; they built a whole system around it , and that 's fascinating .
More recently , seismologists have been able to create detailed images of wave speeds inside the earth in the same way a doctor images a body in a CT scan .
Beyond regional variance in complaint types lodged , the top five mortgage lenders by volume of complaints all had being unable to pay as their top complaint category , ranging between 55.8 % for Citibank and 69.4 % for Bank of America .
The President was finding it impossible to please everyone , and instead , basically said sort out what you want me to do .
Governor Pence declared the outbreak a public health emergency on March 26 , and at the same time approved a 30-day needle exchange program .
In 1593 , Akbar began military operations against the Deccan Sultans who had not submitted to his authority .
Ryanair issued a statement confirming legal proceedings have been begun against Goss .
It shows how nervous they are of a Labour campaign full of confidence , which is showing that it understands the challenges facing working people and how to overcome them .
`` Sireno '' means mermaid .
Groundwater is also extracted artificially in wells .
Police yesterday requested Belgorod residents stay inside their homes .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- Blind sports is the only medically based classification left .
The complaint alleged `` goons from a reputed political party walked over bodies of the women after switching the lights off '' .
Professor Vences proposed me to associate our complementary fields of expertise : he is expert in herpetology for Madagascar , and I am expert in skinks lizards -LRB- family Scincidae -RRB- .
He told an aide that the rebel generals `` will not find de Gaulle in their baggage '' .
I feel sad for those who will lose the grandfather and father they loved .
Ludwig installed Wagner at the Villa Tribschen , beside Switzerland 's Lake Lucerne .
State-run newsmedia said numerous .
SH : No , clearly the American public is not in favour of intervening in Syria .
Tokyo Electric Power Company , owner of the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan , has for the first time released figures on how much radioactive waste the facility has emitted , since being damaged by a 9.0 magnitude earthquake on March 11 , 2011 .
Scandinavian bodyguards of the Byzantine emperors were known as the Varangian Guard .
Yesterday , Russian forces surrounded a Crimean Ukrainian military base .
Following the second full day of competition at the IPC Alpine World Championships in La Molina , Spain yesterday , Austria led the medal race with three gold medals , a silver , and a bronze .
He is accused of leaking classified information and there is no question his actions have inflicted serious harms on our national security '' .
As she was led to the scaffold , Madame Roland shouted `` O liberty !
The Uranian axis of rotation is approximately parallel with the plane of the Solar System , with an axial tilt of 97.77 ° -LRB- as defined by prograde rotation -RRB- .
However , Stalin remained highly suspicious and he believed that the British and the Americans had conspired to ensure that the Soviets bore the brunt of the fighting against Nazi Germany .
Widely known as coffeehouses or cafés , establishments serving prepared coffee or other hot beverages have existed for over five hundred years .
Jerez de la Frontera native Alejandro Zarzuela made a pair of free throws shortly after that to bring the score to 32 -- 17 .
De Gaulle 's warm relations with Eisenhower were noticed by United States military observers at that time .
The American Institute of Steel Construction -LRB- AISC -RRB- 13th Edition Steel Design Manual section 16.1 chapter J-3 specifies the requirements for bolted structural connections .
Their 4 -- 0 victory gave them an aggregate score of 5 -- 2 which allowed them to advance in Copa del Rey .
Whilst Collins stayed in lunar orbit , Armstrong and Aldrin landed on the moon on July 20 ; On touchdown , Armstrong said : `` Tranquility Base here .
Mario : And , my grandfather -- -LSB- laughs -RSB- yeah , mine 's a long answer .
Depending on the relative lengths of each block and the overall block topology of the polymer , many morphologies can be obtained , each its own phase of matter .
He added : `` I am convinced that nothing short of a judge-led public inquiry will suffice and I have no confidence that the measures announced today -LSB- Monday -RSB- will get to the bottom of this matter . ''
4B is characterized by simple curves of medium angular radius with one or more bands .
The magnetic armature vibrated up and down at high speed , producing an alternating magnetic field .
We all know he will never be forgotten , his spirit will live on , in all that he achieved and shared with so many . ''
The three journalists -- the Australian correspondent Peter Greste , Canadian-Egyptian journalist and Cairo bureau chief for Al-Jazeera Mohamed Fahmy , and Baher Mohamed , an Egyptian producer -- were convicted alongside others tried in absentia .
The kangaroo , which had been behind a hedge , then started hopping around and Rattenbury ducked for cover .
The investigation began with the support of fourteen of the fifteen members on January 22 .
The events leading to this case began in 2006 when the Merritts accepted a home loan from Countrywide .
North Korean leader Kim Il Sung created a highly centralized , totalitarian dictatorship -- which continues to date -- according himself unlimited power and generating a formidable cult of personality .
In 1838 Robert Schumann , on a visit to Vienna , found the dusty manuscript of the C major Symphony -LRB- D. 944 -RRB- and took it back to Leipzig where it was performed by Felix Mendelssohn and celebrated in the Neue Zeitschrift .
His friendship with Celsius did not wane and they continued their botanical expeditions .
In 2009 , a team including Schweitzer announced that , using even more careful methodology , they had duplicated their results by finding similar soft tissue in a duck-billed dinosaur , Brachylophosaurus canadensis , found in the Judith River Formation of Montana .
The Commonwealth Government challenged the law in the High Court promptly once passed .
One example physiotherapists employ to promote motor learning involves constraint-induced movement therapy .
Cindy Sheehan : First of all , unfortunately third party candidates NEVER win for high level state or federal offices , and now since Prop 14 passed , it is even harder .
Fellow soldiers have attested to Presley 's wish to be seen as an able , ordinary soldier , despite his fame , and to his generosity .
The adult female was found with blood preserved still intact in ice cavities .
Although known for the brutality of his campaigns and considered by many to have been a genocidal ruler , Genghis Khan is also credited with bringing the Silk Road under one cohesive political environment .
Reports variously say the collapse took place on Wednesday or Thursday .
Another sherpa helped him get off the mountain safely and gave him some spare gear .
A trigraph is made up of three letters , like the German ⟨ sch ⟩ , the Breton ⟨ c ' h ⟩ or the Milanese ⟨ oeu ⟩ .
Moreover , it is European states that would face any potential flood of refugees and so European states will not be keen on too much pressure that could lead Russia to press Ukraine even more .
The current chair of ASEAN , Brunei , has stated it seeks a legally-binding `` code of conduct '' for the disputes .
On August 26 , following 50 days of conflict that caused a great deal of damage and many casualties , a ceasefire between the Israeli military and the armed factions in the Gaza Strip was carried into effect , thanks to understandings between the two sides brokered by Egypt .
Nicolas Adesile , of the Red Cross , told the same news agency that as many as thirty people have been treated thus far .
In 1819 the Pacha of Egypt undertook some canal work .
Moreover , Amnesty International says the practice of offshore facilities for asylum seekers runs afoul of Australia 's own international agreements , such as the UN Refugee Convention , and laws , Australian Migration Act 1958 .
But arrangements still being made to transfer from there to a hospital in Bulawayo or Harare '' .
They have a urinary bladder and nitrogenous waste products are excreted primarily as urea .
To the north , the Bering Strait connects the Pacific with the Arctic Ocean .
The Code was based on Roman-Byzantine law .
Shortly thereafter , Sarah Stewart took another foul , and made both shots to bring the score to 14 points to 4 .
As late as 1861 , a traveler in North Carolina saw dancers dressed in costumes that included horned headdresses and cow tails and heard music provided by a sheepskin-covered `` gumbo box '' , apparently a frame drum ; triangles and jawbones furnished the auxiliary percussion .
The trial was not yet over , however , as the jury was still considering an additional charge relating to another alleged attempted abduction .
Columbus , for his part , believed the even higher estimate of Marinus of Tyre , which put the longitudinal span of the Eurasian landmass at 225 ° , leaving only 135 ° of water .
It has been claimed that he studied under Abraham Zacuto , an astrologer and astronomer , but Da Gama 's biographer Subrahmanyam thinks this dubious .
Sun-cured tobacco is low in sugar and nicotine and is used in cigarettes .
Another British explorer , Captain Scott , died a century ago on his Antarctic expedition after being caught out by the beginning of winter .
In that way , we can also help shape a path back to the ballot box that is designed by and for Egyptians '' .
Having joined Ibrahim in 1534 , Suleiman made a push towards Persia , only to find the Shah sacrificing territory instead of facing a pitched battle , resorting to harassment of the Ottoman army as it proceeded along the harsh interior .
Siddhartha rejected the offer , but promised to visit his kingdom of Magadha first , upon attaining enlightenment .
The court was told of how Aitchison and Millar were listening to music and drinking alongside MacKinnon in his residence on November 22 , 2011 .
-LRB- -LRB- Diego Grez -RRB- -RRB- The electricity was restored last night , after more than 3 days without radio , cellphone or TV , in a few words , without communication .
Alloy steels contain varying amounts of carbon as well as other metals , such as chromium , vanadium , molybdenum , nickel , tungsten , etc. .
I do n't think my wife will allow me to coach another 20 hours somewhere else , but give me the information and I 'll see what we can do . ''
Around 115 pilgrims were killed Sunday in a stampede in India 's Madhya Pradesh region .
At one point , a judge jumped from his chair and moved it to avoid the pair .
Tributes have come from across the world of television and comedy .
-LRB- -LRB- William S. Saturn -RRB- -RRB- : You say that as president , you would propose a balanced budget `` not five or ten years down the road '' but in 2013 .
The Health Minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved , and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect .
Nevertheless , State Senator Benjamin Downing has announced he is exploring a potential bid .
Some species are ovoviviparous and the young develop internally but others are oviparous and the larvae develop externally in egg cases .
Prince Philip , who is aged 92 , was hospitalised on June 6 to be given exploratory surgery on his abdomen .
The coroner 's office said on Twitter that it would be a minimum of six to eight weeks before results of the autopsy are finalised .
Along the Pacific Ocean 's irregular western margins lie many seas , the largest of which are the Celebes Sea , Coral Sea , East China Sea , Philippine Sea , Sea of Japan , South China Sea , Sulu Sea , Tasman Sea , and Yellow Sea .
He also often collaborated with the many specialists active in the city , including the animal painter Frans Snyders , who contributed the eagle to Prometheus Bound , and his good friend the flower-painter Jan Brueghel the Elder .
They were sent to find Anqi Sheng , a 1,000-year-old magician whom Qin Shi Huang had supposedly met in his travels and who had invited him to seek him there .
This technique then spread to Persia and Russia .
It hurts us in terms of our international standing .
The construction was finished in 1548 .
Unlike any other business within the city , or residential properties , noise pollution within premises permitted to sell alcohol is not managed by environmental health staff .
The Caribbean region supports a large tourist industry .
The Paralympic Games are complex to understand and its participants hard to identify with because there are less instances of dominating performances and long-standing rivalries , which are concepts that are understandable even to the casual fan .
There are many ways to describe or represent a function .
Travel may be as part of daily commuting , for business , leisure or migration .
Akbar occupied Burhanpur and besieged Asirgarh Fort in 1599 , and took it on 17 Jan. 1601 , when Miran Bahadur Shah refused to submit Khandesh .
In addition to the surviving co-worker , who escaped the next morning after passing out overnight , another witness told the trial of helping the accused dispose of bloody clothing .
As coauthoring psychologist Dr David White says , `` Despite this , photo-ID is still widely used in security settings .
As well as legalising marriage for same-sex partners , the bill sets a minimum age for marriage at 16 which will apply to both same-sex and heterosexual marriages .
`` The Duke has expressed his thanks and appreciation to medical staff at the London Clinic and the many members of the public who have sent good wishes '' , the statement added .
That can not , will not , happen if Scotland leaves the Union .
MR : Legally speaking , it is -LSB- in -RSB- violation of -LSB- the -RSB- United Nations Charter .
In 1844 in Germany the post-hegelian philosopher Max Stirner published the book , The Ego and Its Own , which would later be considered an influential early text of individualist anarchism .
Domestic sheep are sometimes used in medical research , particularly for researching cardiovascular physiology , in areas such as hypertension and heart failure .
The director chosen to film the American sequences turned out not to be the prestigious English filmmaker David Lean , as the producers had led Kurosawa to believe , but the much less celebrated special effects expert , Richard Fleischer .
This follows the kidnapping of several people including the Cameroonian deputy prime minister 's wife by militants ; Boko Haram is reportedly looking to extend its influence outside of Nigeria , including recruiting Cameroonians to their cause .
In this battle alone the Crusader force was largely annihilated by Saladin 's determined army .
Australian Team Manager Sally Francis confirmed this , saying in a media release , `` Grace 's horse has had some issues with the sight screen in the arena .
Riot police dispersed the crowd with tear gas as clashes began .
Support for intervention in Syria has not moved .
To create a figure of 2D unstationary flow , finite-time Lyapunov exponent analysis was used .
At least nine people were injured and at least five of them were delivered to hospital .
Charcot specialized in the study of hysteria and susceptibility to hypnosis , which he frequently demonstrated with patients on stage in front of an audience .
After Ørsted discovered that electric currents produce a magnetic field and Ampere discovered that electric currents attracted and repelled each other similar to magnets , it was natural to hypothesize that all magnetic fields are due to electric current loops .
The storm lasted six days and nights , after which `` all the human beings turned to clay '' .
Paisley helped form the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster in the early 1950s , later going into politics under the banner of the Democratic Unionist Party -LRB- DUP -RRB- .
He did n't have cash , so the assailants ordered him to get cash from an ATM -LRB- Automated Teller Machine -RRB- while they held the woman until his return .
From the fact that the Cypria has Paris going directly to Troy from Sparta , Herodotus concludes that it was not written by Homer .
The standard High Court procedures involve hearing each matter by a single Justice and only escalating it after a special leave to appeal is granted .
The African Union also warned of the economic impact of the outbreak , urging a lifting of travel bans and border closures .
Wagner wrote a number of articles in his later years , often on political topics , and often reactionary in tone , repudiating some of his earlier , more liberal , views .
There are some indications that physical seasonal changes are happening in Uranus .
An Israeli Military spokesperson said there was no intention to attack that place , and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Hamas is accountable for any civilian casualty .
Newton 's postulate of an invisible force able to act over vast distances led to him being criticised for introducing `` occult agencies '' into science .
The 0.3 % rise in the first quarter of 2013 had increased doubt around French President François Hollande 's promise to reverse the trend by the end of 2013 .
In fact one time , he told me , `` Mijito , I do n't know where I am .
Taylor Swift has set a new Vevo record with her music video Bad Blood getting 20.1 million views in 24 hours this past week .
Gould told Wikinews they have to look not just to the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio in 2016 , but further ahead to 2020 .
Many different representations are possible ; all that is needed to formally represent 3 is to inscribe a certain symbol or pattern of symbols three times .
Finland now becomes the 12th country in Europe to allow same-sex marriages , although the law is not going to take effect immediately .
Cypriot Finance Minister Michael Sarris resigned yesterday due to public discontent with his handling of the negotiations over a bailout from international lenders and a state investigation into the circumstances that pushed the country close to a financial collapse .
That is , they impart magnetic character to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field , because of the spin magnetic moments of the unpaired electrons in the molecule , and the negative exchange energy between neighboring O
Finally , tourism is one of the fastest growing and profitable sectors of the national economy : with 48.6 million international tourist arrivals and total receipts estimated at $ 45.5 billion in 2014 , Italy was the fifth most visited country and the sixth highest tourism earner in the world .
Answers to these may require the construction of new ground - and space-based instruments , and possibly new developments in theoretical and experimental physics .
The U.S. administration has been urging representatives to approve $ 500m to support rebels in Syrian opposing Islamic State , but the legislation has been immobile since it was first proposed in May .
On the other hand , some cultures lay down strict rules as to the particular dances in which , for example , men , women and children may or must participate .
If we were to intervene , first and foremost would be Congress vetting that and actually approving that , but look , I just think that we militarily intervene as a result of our military intervention , but I think we have hundreds of millions of enemies to this country that look for our military intervention that otherwise would not exist .
But , monogamy -LRB- queens mating singly -RRB- is the ancestral state for all eusocial species so far investigated , so it is likely that haplodiploidy contributed to the evolution of eusociality in bees .
The correlation between the spread of rodents and the demise of multituberculates is a controversial topic , not fully resolved .
The peripheral nervous system is divided into the somatic nervous system which conveys sensation and controls voluntary muscle , and the autonomic nervous system which involuntarily controls smooth muscle , certain glands and internal organs , including the stomach .
Despite appearances to the contrary , the Army of the Empire did not constitute a permanent standing army that was always at the ready to fight for the Empire .
There are differing opinions as to how much , and what type , of rubato is appropriate for his works .
Because of money laundering and overtaxing , he attempted to limit abuses and sent imperial investigators to supervise the ortoq businesses .
For example , one may compute directly the arc length of the top half of the unit circle given in Cartesian coordinates by x2 + y2 = 1 , as the integral :
The world has lost a tireless advocate for human rights and dignity .
Controversially , de Gaulle also appointed Maurice Papon as Commissioner for Aquitaine in spite of his involvement in the deportation of Jews while serving as a senior police official in the Vichy regime during the occupation .
The Equatorie of the Planets -- A rough translation of a Latin work derived from an Arab work of the same title .
Since his death has been announced the suicide helpline charity The Samaritans have released a statement .
When a guy is taking pictures of little kids , I do n't want to say the word , but you start thinking , you know , what 's this guy all about ? ''
Arthur Janov 's primal therapy , which has been an influential post-Freudian psychotherapy , resembles psychoanalytic therapy in its emphasis on early childhood experience , but has also differences with it .
This was a major discovery in an important field of mathematics ; construction problems had occupied mathematicians since the days of the Ancient Greeks , and the discovery ultimately led Gauss to choose mathematics instead of philology as a career .
Yesterday , Nigeria 's military engaged in gun battles with Islamic extremist group Boko Haram , aimed at regaining two towns in northeastern Nigeria recently captured by the group .
This medal is my reward for these Games but the competition does n't end here . ''
In 2010 voting powers at the World Bank were revised to increase the voice of developing countries , notably China .
Mexico scored twice ; but , Australia responded each time , with goals by Amber Merritt and Amanda Carter , who was fouled , making her 's a three-point play .
The authority responded `` The IAA has responded to personal letters and reports from Ryanair pilots , this included several meetings and face-to-face interviews with pilots and their legal and professional representatives . ''
A large or public collection requires a catalogue .
This includes organization , entrepreneurship , knowledge , goodwill , or management -LRB- which some characterize as talent , social capital or instructional capital -RRB- .
Most players change grips during a match depending on what shot they are hitting ; for example , slice shots and serves call for a Continental grip .
The United States pulled ahead early in the fourth period by 12 points .
The former priest claims his resignation from the priesthood was the result of O'Brien 's elevation to bishop : `` I knew then he would always have power over me .
Israeli police said they do n't know if the bomb was left on the bus by a departing passenger or thrown by someone outside .
Among the suspects was Alexander Pogrebov , who has denied the charges brought forth by authorities .
The safety car was deployed for several laps until the debris was recovered .
The JARPA II whaling programme had been officially classified as scientific research , however when the programme had been investigated at the ICJ , the court decided there was n't enough science involved to justify it .
The problem of low sensitivity to light resulting in low electrical output from transmitting or `` camera '' tubes would be solved with the introduction of charge-storage technology by Kálmán Tihanyi beginning in 1924 .
As the gate -- source voltage -LRB- VGS -RRB- is increased , the drain -- source current -LRB- IDS -RRB- increases exponentially for VGS below threshold , and then at a roughly quadratic rate -LRB- IGS ∝ -LRB- VGS − VT -RRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- where VT is the threshold voltage at which drain current begins -RRB- in the `` space-charge-limited '' region above threshold .
These are called `` reg '' in the western Sahara , `` serir '' in the eastern Sahara , `` gibber plains '' in Australia and `` saï '' in central Asia .
Some polymers may also decompose into the monomers or other toxic substances when heated .
Asia has exhibited economic dynamism -LRB- particularly East Asia -RRB- as well as robust population growth during the 20th century , but overall population growth has since fallen .
Conservative minister Greg Clark told the BBC that David Cameron should reinstate Mitchell .
The longer boundary lines are touchlines , while the shorter boundaries -LRB- on which the goals are placed -RRB- are goal lines .
Russia has been urging that the Russian language receive official status in all of the CIS member states .
In 1982 , the unnamed tropical depression that eventually became Hurricane Paul killed around 1,000 people in Central America .
The administration established by Alexander 's successors , the Macedonian Ptolemaic Kingdom , was based on an Egyptian model and based in the new capital city of Alexandria .
Political power grew from conquering land , however cultural and economic aspects flourished through sea and trade routes .
Further , during this last week , President Putin offered to help Iran build a second nuclear reactor .
The trial was not stopped as the photo was removed from circulation before the jury saw it and the defendant was found guilty .
The high specificity of phage protects `` good '' bacteria from destruction .
Last Friday , following over two years of lawsuit over failure to participate in general election , Anders Holmdahl attended a High Full Court of Australia hearing with an audio-link from Canberra to Adelaide , South Australia , claiming voting is a right , not a duty , citing the Australian constitution .
One question initially directed at Pyne from the audience was given to former parliamentary speaker Anna Burke to discuss first .
-LRB- -LRB- WSS -RRB- -RRB- You also propose decreasing federal education spending including decreases in Pell Grants and loans for college students .
Cells reproduce through a process of cell division in which the parent cell divides into two or more daughter cells .
The church he founded in 1955 became infamous for leading pickets at the funerals of US soldiers , as well as the funeral of Matthew Shepard , a young gay man killed in a homophobic attack in 1998 .
In the Navy , flame-resistant variant coveralls are scheduled to be introduced in December of this year .
The Belorussian team of Maryia Rudzko , Katsiaryna Eramtsova , Aksana Petrushenka and Anastasiya Filipchyk set a world record in the women 's 4 x 200m medley , beating the record set by Belarus in 2009 in Taipei .
Fisheries have , however , undergone significant changes since the 1950s and global catches can now be divided into three groups of which only two are observed in the Atlantic : fisheries in the Eastern Central and South-West Atlantic oscillate around a globally stable value , the rest of the Atlantic is in overall decline following historical peaks .
The empowering model -LRB- also , customer model -RRB- allows for the person with a disability and his/her family to decide the course of his/her treatment .
Confusion sometimes arises over the term `` elective '' because `` elective surgery '' generally refers to all scheduled surgery , whether medically necessary or not .
The programme discussed the airline 's safety with a focus on fuel policy , investigating allegations Ryanair uses a bare minimum of fuel and intimidates pilots who raise concerns .
You need to decide whether you want me to come back . ''
I remember when the Marion Giants with Jay Edwards and Lyndon Jones dominated for a couple years .
Wadewitz was well known in the Wikimedia community for her activism drawing attention to the lack of female contributors on Wikipedia .
Today the national Nuclear Regulation Authority -LRB- NRA -RRB- said contaminated water may be pumped into the sea .
The report describes the changes in gender relations in Iceland as `` promising '' in terms of impact at work and at home .
The capitalization of digraphs and trigraphs is language-dependent , as only the first letter may be capitalized , or all component letters simultaneously -LRB- even for words written in titlecase , where letters after the digraph or trigraph are left in lowercase -RRB- .
On its website , GORD said that the heat waste collector engine is universal , `` Any car can be adapted to accommodate the system as it does n't alter any electro-mechanical systems '' .
Many classical music composers , including Haydn , Mozart , and Beethoven , composed for the fortepiano , a rather different instrument than the modern piano .
Tesla 's mother , Đuka Tesla -LRB- née Mandić ; 1822 -- 1892 -RRB- , whose father was also an Orthodox priest , had a talent for making home craft tools and mechanical appliances and the ability to memorize Serbian epic poems .
Large , flat , flexible , green leaves are called foliage leaves .
In both proposals , an arbitration service would be provided as an alternative to going to court , but the government wishes to make the arbitration service free for claimants while the newspapers want it to be `` inexpensive '' because they believe free arbitration could lead to a rush in claims going to arbitration .
The Myomorpha , such as the brown rat , have enlarged temporalis muscles , making them able to chew powerfully with their molars .
In the Anabasis , Mesopotamia was used to designate the land east of the Euphrates in north Syria .
The BNP 's political support has significantly declined in recent years ; its percentage vote share in the European Parliament elections in North West England dipped from 6.1 % in 2009 to 1.9 % in 2014 , while most of the party 's councillors have lost their positions .
In conclusion , S. cereale can be used in varying environments .
The dormice were also caught from the wild in autumn when they were fattest , and either roasted and dipped into honey or baked while stuffed with a mixture of pork , pine nuts , and other flavorings .
You criticized President Obama for his stance that same-sex marriage be left to the states .
There were some residents in the damaged house who were not accounted for until about 4:30 p.m. when emergency personnel confirmed that three people inside the house were also killed .
Their second leading scorer is Katie Harnock , with 75 points so far .
A fifth of married Indian women , including those with their own income , do not make decisions on household spending .
Later petrographic analysis of samples of the limestone from near the summit revealed them to be composed of carbonate pellets and finely fragmented remains of trilobites , crinoids , and ostracods .
The song is featured in the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz .
We felt the books on the shortlist selected themselves . ''
She arrived at the besieged city of Orléans on 29 April 1429 .
Wheat is grown on more than 218,000,000 hectares -LRB- 540,000,000 acres -RRB- , larger than for any other crop .
However , it is now widely accepted that to eliminate malaria from an entire region , it will be equally important to kill the sexual forms that transmit the disease . ''
AFP reported no response from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to an inquiry regarding renewal of talks .
Tandem wing and Tailless aircraft rely on the same general rule to achieve stability , the aft surface being the stabilising one .
Other writers have argued that Smith 's support for laissez-faire -LRB- which in French means leave alone -RRB- has been overstated .
As the novel became a platform of modern debate , national literatures were developed that link the present with the past in the form of the historical novel .
According to religious records , he was assigned by God to lead the foreign mission as part of God 's Divine hierarchy .
The Tang dynasty Chinese diplomat Wang Xuance traveled to Magadha -LRB- modern northeastern India -RRB- during the 7th century .
The Greek physician Galen was also one of the greatest surgeons of the ancient world and performed many audacious operations , including brain and eye surgeries .
Bach 's motets -LRB- BWV 225 -- 231 -RRB- are pieces on sacred themes for choir and continuo , with instruments playing colla parte .
The Emancipation Proclamation announced in September gained votes for the Republicans in the rural areas of New England and the upper Midwest , but it lost votes in the cities and the lower Midwest .
Since the tank was found to be leaking the total monitoring staff has increased from ten to 60 , and patrols are carried out four times a day instead of twice a day .
Over 30 others were wounded .
In 1960 , the 11th CGPM named the system the International System of Units , abbreviated SI from the French name , Le Système International d'Unités .
The robot can be ten feet wide and thirty feet long and can hold hundreds of different kinds of medications and thousands of doses .
Wilson , substituting for Hunt as point guard , ran over the line with the ball .
He compelled the majority of the city-states to join the League of Corinth , allying them to him , and preventing them from warring with each other .
By 2013 , attacks off the Horn region 's coast had steadily declined due to active private security and international navy patrols , especially by the Indian Navy .
In 1991 responding to an influx of counterfeit fasteners Congress passed PL 101-592 `` Fastener Quality Act '' This resulted in the rewriting of specifications by the ASME B18 committee .
The results indicate that turtles and tortoises have found a variety of solutions to this problem .
Here is buried Isaac Newton , Knight , who by a strength of mind almost divine , and mathematical principles peculiarly his own , explored the course and figures of the planets , the paths of comets , the tides of the sea , the dissimilarities in rays of light , and , what no other scholar has previously imagined , the properties of the colours thus produced .
Others highlighted the current use of Sativex by the National Health Service , with a cost in-excess of # 150 for a single bottle of GW Pharmaceuticals patented spray -- as-compared to the oil shown to the crowd , with a manufacturing cost of approximately # 10 .
Events at the circuit were given heavy security .
My deepest sympathy goes to the families and friends of our passengers and crew on 4U 9525 .
After crossing the line Abbott mingled and posed for photographs with the public .
Chan Kin-man , another leader in the movement , said : `` I hope people will understand why the action keeps on escalating .
Again , the media decide which sports to cover based on their perceived entertainment value and its potential of generating sponsor revenues .
To remedy this , he is proposing plans be made to create high-speed railways between Manchester , Leeds and Birmingham , the latter to link up with High Speed 2 , the planned high-speed railway to run between London and Birmingham .
Most African coffee is dried in this manner and certain coffee farms around the world are starting to use this traditional method .
The batter waits for the pitcher to throw a pitch -LRB- the ball -RRB- toward home plate , and attempts to hit the ball with the bat .
Russell Brand -- who has spoken publicly of his use of drugs -- said : `` Almost 2,000 young people die in the UK each year from taking illegal drugs .
With electricity ceasing to be a novelty and becoming a necessity of everyday life in the later half of the 20th century , it required particular attention by popular culture only when it stops flowing , an event that usually signals disaster .
The electric field , magnetic field , and direction of wave propagation are all orthogonal , and the wave propagates in the same direction as
The Emperor Kiritsubo then hears of a woman -LRB- Lady Fujitsubo -RRB- , formerly a princess of the preceding emperor , who resembles his deceased concubine , and later she becomes one of his wives .
`` Evolutionism '' at that time was associated with other concepts , most commonly with embryological development , and Darwin first used the word evolution in The Descent of Man in 1871 , before adding it in 1872 to the 6th edition of The Origin of Species .
Lamothe told TV audiences `` I am leaving the post of prime minister this evening with a feeling of accomplishment .
The report mentions the importance of gender equality for national development as it ties into improve productivity , improved outcomes for the next generation , and more representative decision making .
There is a section of the academic `` community '' -- also a deceptive word -- that is opposed to the invasion .
With the crowd behind them the entire match , Russia came from behind after the first end and third end to tie things up in the fifth end and take the lead .
Authorities , including a spokesman for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said they suspected an FAA contractor set the basement on fire , but did not believe him to be a terrorist .
Carrying out the exponentiation can be done efficiently , but the discrete logarithm is believed to be very hard to calculate in some groups .
This is support that Iberocoop gets and all other Wikimedians can get .
277 people have been fined in the territory in the past year , with 228 of them being fined for public urination in the CBD .
However , the delay in diagnosis and initiation of a gluten-free diet seems to increase the risk of malignancies .
He and his contemporary , Lev Kuleshov , two of the earliest film theorists , argued that montage was the essence of the cinema .
This elevation of the artist over the art diminishes the public understanding of Kahlo 's place in history and overshadows the deeper and more disturbing truths in her work .
Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party boss Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba responded on Twitter , saying , `` Cañete , the machismo of the sore loser . ''
The second game was held at 17:30 under lights .
Iron deficiency anemia in children under two years of age likely affects brain function acutely and probably also chronically .
1.6 billion people have gained access to a safe water source since 1990 .
Once they had crossed the police cordon they were not allowed to return to the intersection .
The illiterate defendant signed an abjuration document that she did not understand under threat of immediate execution .
Avian malaria primarily affects species of the order Passeriformes , and poses a substantial threat to birds of Hawaii , the Galapagos , and other archipelagoes .
The Constitutional Law of the Kingdom of Sardinia the Albertine Statute of 1848 , was extended to the whole Kingdom of Italy in 1861 , and provided for basic freedoms of the new State , but electoral laws excluded the non-propertied and uneducated classes from voting .
One major problem Definetz faces is the law that requires all unmanned flying vehicles in Germany to be supervised .
Also at the summit yesterday , New Zealand 's Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully had announced a national commitment of USD$ 54,262,000 -LRB- AU$ 51,861,000 NZ$ 65 million , $ 42,178,000 -RRB- to Pacific region energy solutions , of which US$ 8,348,000 -LRB- AU$ 8 million , NZ$ 10 million , $ 6,483,000 -RRB- would be specifically earmarked for renewable energy and improved energy efficiency in the Cook Islands , Kiribati , Papua New Guinea , Samoa , Tonga , and Tuvalu .
The two women -- who are being kept anonymous to protect the identity of their children -- were jailed for 14 and 17 years respectively .
In addition to the milk glands , the breast is also composed of connective tissues -LRB- collagen , elastin -RRB- , white fat , and the suspensory Cooper 's ligaments .
Precipitation varies widely with location , from several metres of water per year to less than a millimetre .
The United States also addressed possession problems they had in the first period and kept the puck in front of the Italian goal .
This technique was transmitted to Europe via the Islamic world , and by around 1400 was being used on paper for old master prints and playing cards .
Former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone praised Crow , in a remark to Sky News : `` He fought really hard for his members .
Senet , a board game where pieces moved according to random chance , was particularly popular from the earliest times ; another similar game was mehen , which had a circular gaming board .
Because linear algebra is such a well-developed theory , nonlinear mathematical models are sometimes approximated by linear models .
The game is played on a field whose primary boundaries , the foul lines , extend forward from home plate at 45-degree angles .
Gold cyanide is the electrolyte used in commercial electroplating of gold onto base metals and electroforming .
It is estimated that around 40 % of Catholic priests in Britain are gay , which makes the church 's opposition to gay equality so two-faced and absurd . ''
Both spoke about Adams character and influence on the skateboarding and surfing communities .
Each of the drilled samples is about 4 inches -LRB- 10 cm -RRB- across and 100 -- 500 feet -LRB- 30 -- 150 m -RRB- long .
It was a fictional rendering of Joyce 's youth , but he eventually grew frustrated with its direction and abandoned this work .
In nature , antibiotics of fungal or bacterial origin appear to play a dual role : at high concentrations they act as chemical defense against competition with other microorganisms in species-rich environments , such as the rhizosphere , and at low concentrations as quorum-sensing molecules for intra - or interspecies signaling .
A Washington state resident , she was the founder and Executive Director of Catalyst Resource Network , having started the organization in December 2006 .
Brazil won gold in 5-a-side football at both past Paralympic Games where it was included -- Athens in 2004 , and Beijing in 2008 where they defeated China 2 -- 1 in the final .
Zindzi was confident in her father 's recovery : '' -LSB- He -RSB- is determined not to go anywhere anytime soon .
Visually impaired skier Jonathan Walsh and his guide Jonathan Wong also took to the podium for the standing men 's giant slalom visually impaired event , with a combined total time of 2:15.64 .
After the race , Gordon led the points standings with 394 points , followed by Kenseth with 379 .
And really it was that campaign that created the foundation for my ability to become a senator .
The discovery that the sign language interpreter was actually signing `` rubbish '' has since caused uproar in the deaf communities of South Africa and around the world .
The score belied the closeness of the game .
By the spring of 1873 , only a third of the required funds had been raised ; further pleas to Ludwig were initially ignored , but early in 1874 , with the project on the verge of collapse , the King relented and provided a loan .
Roflumilast , cilomilast , and phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitors act as a bronchodilator and as an anti-inflammatory .
The redefinitions are expected to be adopted at the 26th CGPM in the fall of 2018 .
His theory was not generally accepted until 1858 when another Italian chemist Stanislao Cannizzaro was able to explain non-ideal exceptions .
He and co-defendant Joe Cordova were found guilty of the 1999 murder of Michael Ryan Nichols , stabbed 94 times over a $ 50 debt .
To attend a higher education institution is required , by Law of Guidelines and Bases of Education , completing all levels of education suited to the needs of all students of teaching kindergarten , elementary and medium , provided the student does not hold any disability , whether physical , mental , visual or hearing .
A key figure in the 17th-century scientific revolution , he is best known for his laws of planetary motion , based on his works Astronomia nova , Harmonices Mundi , and Epitome of Copernican Astronomy .
While the Government collected Arabs in preparation for the deportation , two girls died , reportedly after fleeing Government forces , and three women suffered miscarriages .
Well-wishers have left messages and flowers for Mandela .
The most frequently used nucleases in molecular biology are the restriction endonucleases , which cut DNA at specific sequences .
MacAskill confirmed `` the Scottish Government is content with the way the courts are operating the rules on contempt of court in Scotland at the moment and has no plans to make changes . ''
Mr Obama faced criticism for the apparent lack of security at the U.S Consulate in Benghazi .
History will remember Nelson Mandela as a champion for human dignity and freedom , for peace and reconciliation . ''
`` I felt a lot of pressure to live up to everyone 's expectations and fulfil their answers , but I knew I had to take the time for myself to get to the point where I knew 100 percent what I wanted to do , '' she says .
He also confirmed that construction was halted and staff members were `` instructed to stand down and stop all work until local law enforcement resolved -LSB- the -RSB- situation '' .
According to students , the current internal probe committee include people who they alleged ` harassed the victim ' .
In 2007 , member states agreed that , in future , 20 % of the energy used across the EU must be renewable , and carbon dioxide emissions have to be lower in 2020 by at least 20 % compared to 1990 levels .
`` The parents and police acted quickly when this report was made , in the interests of public safety , '' said Superintendent Catherine Hankinson .
The U.S. hopes to convince more nations to use reprocessing and enrichment facilities in an effort to minimize proliferation risks .
He set out from Uppsala on 12 June and returned on 11 August .
Mobile network operators are expected to roll out services by July .
In the Super Combined , Hall finished ninth with a combined run time of 1:49.87 , 7.43 seconds slower than first place finisher Austrian Matthias Lanzinger .
The report claims Jamaican definitions of masculinity also encourage more risky behavior , and sexual behaviors valuing achievement and competence above intimacy .
One whimsically listed the job 's benefits as '' -LSB- ... -RSB- free uniforms , a complimentary hair and makeup consultation and make-over , inspirational background music , plenty of on-the-job exercise opportunities and more . ''
The email , sent by Nuland on September 14 at 7.39 pm to the White House , State Department and CIA , stated `` The line of ` knowing ' there were extremists among the demonstrators will come back to us at podium '' .
The signal then travels to the atrioventricular node .
In central London , masonry from a building near Holborn tube station fell on top of a car in the street outside , killing a woman and injuring a man in the car .
When the error was highlighted to the Chinese newspaper , Clem said `` their response was not to print a correction , but just to say that some newspapers in America make money by printing lies . ''
The Greek government also provided funding , which was expected to be recouped through the sale of tickets and from the sale of the first Olympic commemorative stamp set .
On the bench , Xueya had her fingers buddy taped , despite not starting the game with her fingers that way .
Further inquiries by police revealed the location of the house and with the help of sensitive negotiations conducted by the charity the three women , a 69-year-old Malaysian woman , a 57-year-old Irish woman and a 30-year-old British woman , were all rescued . ''
Dr. Salama said the gas field had been found by Palestinian fishermen in the Gaza Strip , who noticed bubbling in the water which they first assumed was from fish or plants moving underwater .
Not long after Wikimedia Sverige created the website offentligkonst.se to publish images and metadata about artworks placed in public spaces in Sweden , BUS , a pro-copyright lobby , advocated that it constituted infringement on the artists ' copyright .
Many experts have warned that problems could continue until these difficult fixes have been implemented , although the recent switch to a newer form of IP Addresses , IPv6 , will temporarily help the issue .
The mailman said his intention was non-violent , but he wanted to spread the word about his cause .
One teacher was treated for minor injuries on scene , while the other three injured were treated at Barcelona hospitals .
Some mammals are intelligent , with some possessing large brains , self-awareness and tool use .
On the same day as the Security Council 's resolution , foreign ministers of the European Union 's member states issued a joint statement welcoming the efforts of those European states supporting Kurdish forces .
Kay Kendell from the National Center for Lesbian Rights stated : `` Governor Brown has sent a powerful message of affirmation and support to LGBT youth and their families .
Hall had his best finish at the Championships on the third day of competition when he earned a bronze medal in the Slalom .
For example , the dandelion Taraxacum officinale and the blackberry Rubus fruticosus are aggregates with many microspecies -- perhaps 400 in the case of the blackberry and over 200 in the dandelion , complicated by hybridization , apomixis , and polyploidy , making gene flow between populations difficult to determine , and their taxonomy debatable .
Neither Trinity Mirror nor CNN have made any statement regarding Morgan 's police questioning .
However , long-term training causes neovascularization within the muscle , increasing the ability to move waste products out of the muscles and maintain contraction .
The fraud relates to the purchase of television film rights by a company owned by Mr Berlusconi , Mediaset , which the company then re-sold at exaggerated prices .
He also said : `` Iran is receiving billions of dollars in relief in the sanctions without paying any sort of price .
The event , which was live-streamed to various locations across Texas , was sponsored by the Texas Department of State Health Services as a part of its Grand Rounds seminar offerings .
If our fears are confirmed , this is a dark day for Lufthansa .
Romance fiction had an estimated $ 1.375 billion share in the US book market in 2007 .
Structural bolts replaced rivets due to decreasing cost and increasing strength of structural bolts in the 20th century .
In April 1735 , Linnaeus and Sohlberg set out for the Netherlands , with Linnaeus to take a doctoral degree in medicine at the University of Harderwijk .
Instead , it viewed workers and productive capitalists in common as productive people who were in conflict with parasitic elements in society including : corrupt political parties , corrupt financial capital , and feeble people .
Cohesive forces prevent large scale shedding of material and breakup of the asteroid .
In 1978 , Kubrick moved into Childwickbury Manor in Hertfordshire , a mainly 18th century stately home , which was once owned by a wealthy racehorse owner , about 30 mi -LRB- 50 km -RRB- north of London and a 10-minute drive from his previous home at Abbotts Mead .
However , such alternatives are typically not stable enough to explain the supermassive black hole candidates .
Deputy Hamas Prime Minister Mr. Ziad Al-Zaza calmed down the excitement regarding the issue in a comment to AFP . ''
The team event included ten teams representing eight countries , with the United States and Canada having two teams each and 54 skiers competing .
When at rest , the turtle can retract the limbs into the body cavity and force air out of the lungs .
The television broadcast continued , but the radio broadcast was interrupted .
When visual contact is re-instated , vocalisations rapidly decline , regardless of the familiarity of the returning cattle , however , heart rate decreases are greater if the returning cattle are familiar to the previously-isolated individual .
Mumbai , along with the area served by telephone exchanges in Navi Mumbai and Kalyan is classified as a Metro telecom circle .
Political associations such as the African Union offer hope for greater co-operation and peace between the continent 's many countries .
The co-pilot started training in 2008 , and was diagnosed in 2009 with serious depression according to BBC News .
His wife , Catherine the Great , was spared but fear of the virus clearly had its effects on her .
On Friday , local fire authorities have declared total fire bans across Victoria , New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory .
It is dangerous for the Western media to reinforce the notion that nationalist sentiment -LRB- pro-Russian or pro-Ukrainian -RRB- is the only political force in Ukraine .
Following the rejection of the EU deal , the Russian government has bought US$ 15 billion of Ukrainian government bonds and given a discount on gas supplies from Russia , cutting the price from over $ 400 per 1,000 cubic metres of gas to $ 268.50 .
Most juniors who enter the international circuit do so by progressing through ITF , Satellite , Future , and Challenger tournaments before entering the main circuit .
Nonetheless , studies of the oomycetes and myxomycetes are still often included in mycology textbooks and primary research literature .
Numerous people had to be evacuated from the burning building .
Additionally , all of them have corrected the article , and gave me many relevant advices and corrections , thus improving the quality and the reliability of the paper .
Finally , he submitted and Akbar restored him to his previous position .
Women still have high maternal mortality rates , especially when compared to neighboring Sri Lanka .
Many individuals and some companies and groups use web logs or blogs , which are largely used as easily updatable online diaries .
Williams test driver Susie Wolff of Scotland started a competition during the race weekend to win one of her Martini-coloured caps for submitting pictures of designs using the Martini colours .
In a turnout of 84.6 % of some 4.3 million eligible voters , 55 % voted against and 45 % voted for the proposition `` Should Scotland be an independent country ? '' .
Although loud , the protest passed peacefully .
Psychologists may also work on a diverse set of campaigns known broadly as psychological warfare .
Italy has been a unitary parliamentary republic since 2 June 1946 , when the monarchy was abolished by a constitutional referendum .
We loved him and he adored us , and our earthly lives are forever changed . ''
Located adjacent to it , is the Bimhuis , a concert hall for improvised and Jazz music .
Bones and other artifacts have been discovered with marks cut into them that many believe are tally marks .
At the core of his theory is a rejection of atomism -- the idea that matter is composed of stable , indivisible units -LRB- atoms -RRB- .
Early 1968 was when the first bona fide reggae records were released : `` Nanny Goat '' by Larry Marshall and `` No More Heartaches '' by The Beltones .
Transfer rate can be influenced by file system fragmentation and the layout of the files .
Boeing released a statement saying , '' -LSB- The company -RSB- is confident in the design and performance of the 787 .
The statement added `` Ryanair Plc fully complies with all European and international regulations in all areas of its operations '' .
The Convention on Domestic Workers -LRB- also known as the ILO Convention 189 -RRB- is to take effect next year after the Philippines ratified it earlier this month , according to the United Nations .
There are three Bureau of Fire Communications alarm offices which receive and dispatch alarms to appropriate units .
The third quarter started with Getafe possession , but the team quickly turned the ball over , followed by Canary Islands native Daniel Serapio committing a foul against ONCE .
Despite Chekhov 's reputation as a playwright , William Boyd asserts that his short stories represent the greater achievement .
Nasrallah 's speech confirmed the group are directly involved in Syria 's war , and pledged they would protect Lebanon 's borders from the control of rebels .
Under Griffin 's tenure , the party reportedly experienced an increase in success , gaining more than 50 councillors in the UK and two MEPs in 2009 , Griffin being one and the other Andrew Brons .
According to Wolf , in the developing world as a whole , life expectancy rose by four months each year after 1970 and infant mortality rate declined from 107 per thousand in 1970 to 58 in 2000 due to improvements in standards of living and health conditions .
Chávez 's main competitor in the election , Henrique Capriles Radonski , from the Primero Justicia -LRB- Justice First -RRB- party , got 44.73 % of the vote .
Police said both men were in critical condition after being transported to nearby Calvary Hospital .
These include both restaurants which serve classical French cuisine , such as L'Ambroisie in the Place des Vosges , and those which serve non-traditional menus , such as L'Astrance , which combines French and Asian cuisines .
The media saw the union as mismatched given her star image as a sex symbol and his position as an intellectual , as demonstrated by Variety 's headline `` Egghead Weds Hourglass '' .
During his tenure the press and media was strictly controlled and chewing gum was banned .
Economist Theodore Levitt is widely credited with coining the term in an article entitled `` Globalization of Markets '' , which appeared in the May -- June 1983 issue of Harvard Business Review .
Presley returned to the United States on March 2 , 1960 , and was honorably discharged with the rank of sergeant on March 5 .
Outcrossing between unrelated individuals , including dogs of different breeds , results in the beneficial masking of deleterious recessive mutations in progeny .
The pre-history of the Ancient Near East begins in the Lower Paleolithic period , but writing began with a pictographic script in the Uruk IV period -LRB- ca. 4th millennium BC -RRB- , and the documented record of actual historical events -- and the ancient history of lower Mesopotamia -- commence in the mid-third millennium BC with cuneiform records of early dynastic kings , and ends with either the arrival of the Achaemenid Empire in the late 6th century BC , or with the Muslim conquest and the establishment of the Caliphate in the late 7th century AD , from which point the region came to be known as Iraq .
The Defikopter is to be launched by an app that sends out the GPS coordinates of the victim .
Hamas sources say attacks in the Sinai peninsula have prevented the talks from occurring in their original date .
Conceptions of God in the latter developments of the Mahayana tradition give a more prominent place to notions of the divine .
Photoperiodicity can be eccentric in tropical cultivars such that the long days characteristic of higher latitudes allow the plants to grow so tall that they do not have enough time to produce seed before being killed by frost .
Tributes have flowed in on social media using hashtag #IStandForMercy .
Communism was seen as a rival of and a threat to western capitalism for most of the 20th century .
According to their argument , although Hegel refers to `` the two elemental considerations : first , the idea of freedom as the absolute and final aim ; secondly , the means for realising it , i.e. the subjective side of knowledge and will , with its life , movement , and activity '' -LRB- thesis and antithesis -RRB- he does n't use `` synthesis '' but instead speaks of the `` Whole '' : `` We then recognised the State as the moral Whole and the Reality of Freedom , and consequently as the objective unity of these two elements . ''
The Ashokavadana recounts Radhagupta 's offering of an old royal elephant to Ashoka for him to ride to the Garden of the Gold Pavilion where King Bindusara would determine his successor .
Wolf , 66 , and his running mate , newly sworn-in Lieutenant Governor Mike Stack , defeated Corbett and former Lieutenant Governor Jim Cawley by nearly ten percentage points in last November 's general election .
The table showed that elements with similar properties often shared the same valency .
His conversion to psychoanalysis is variously attributed to his successful treatment by Freud for a sexual problem or as a result of his reading The Interpretation of Dreams , to which he subsequently gave a positive review in the Viennese daily newspaper Neues Wiener Tagblatt .
All 187 store locations of Jessops camera retailer are closing in the United Kingdom today .
It has proved difficult to clarify the relationships between the orders in Polyneoptera because of constant new findings calling for revision of the taxa .
In his foreword for David I. Goldstein 's book Dostoevsky and the Jews , Frank painted Dostoyevsky as a product of his time , noting that Dostoyevsky made antisemitic remarks , but was not entirely comfortable with these views .
Examples of polyatomic ions that do not split up during acid-base reactions are hydroxide -LRB- OH − -RRB- and phosphate -LRB- PO43 − -RRB- .
In the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee , 20 of the 140 seats are reserved for low-caste Sikhs .
Chadwick suggests that the names record the locations where these foreign women were purchased .
Salt-tolerant archaea -LRB- the Haloarchaea -RRB- use sunlight as an energy source , and other species of archaea fix carbon ; however , unlike plants and cyanobacteria , no known species of archaea does both .
`` Stephen Sutton was the most inspiring person I 've ever met and touched more lives than he will ever know '' , he said .
However , even Walter Alvarez has acknowledged that there were other major changes on Earth even before the impact , such as a drop in sea level and massive volcanic eruptions that produced the Indian Deccan Traps , and these may have contributed to the extinctions .
In 2005 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships .
In the field of numerical relativity , powerful computers are employed to simulate the geometry of spacetime and to solve Einstein 's equations for interesting situations such as two colliding black holes .
De Gaulle accepted that it might be necessary for the United States to take preemptive military action against Cuba , unlike many other European leaders of his time .
The theatre was completed in 1875 , and the festival scheduled for the following year .
In leaflets dropped by Israel this morning in northern Gaza Strip , civilians were told to leave `` for their own safety '' by 12:00 today , local time -LRB- 0900 UTC -RRB- .
If the bacterial cell wall is entirely removed , it is called a protoplast , whereas if it is partially removed , it is called a spheroplast .
When the United States bench started a chant of U-S-A !
London , England -- Tuesday evening saw Zsuzsanna Krajnyak , of Hungary , take bronze in the women 's wheelchair fencing individual foil category A .
Commander of the 2012 observation team General Babacar Gaye expressed frustration against both the Syrian armed forces and rebels for not allowing the UN to complete its mission .
David Cameron said of Mitchell : `` He is owed an apology .
Raymond Carver , who wrote the short story `` Errand '' about Chekhov 's death , believed that Chekhov was the greatest of all short story writers :
They have the largest eyes of any land mammal , and are lateral-eyed , meaning that their eyes are positioned on the sides of their heads .
The principle of sufficient reason has been invoked in recent cosmology , and his identity of indiscernibles in quantum mechanics , a field some even credit him with having anticipated in some sense .
His characteristic style remained consistent from the 1560s until the end of his life .
which is a solution for the equation bx + c = dx + e equivalent to x = e − c/b − d , where rupas refers to the constants c and e .
When the heat is removed , the cocoa butter crystals become rigid again and come closer together , allowing the chocolate to solidify .
In other United States Paralympic news , Sir Philip Craven , the President of the International Paralympic Committee , told a Wikinews reporter the country will have live television coverage of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
In the same way as the logarithm reverses exponentiation , the complex logarithm is the inverse function of the exponential function applied to complex numbers .
We have these ships that go underwater , nuclear submarines '' .
Wambach became the first woman from the United States to win the award since Mia Hamm in 2002 .
Oxfam cited a survey of 2000 people conducted by marketing research company YouGov , suggesting three fifths of people have become less sensitive towards footage containing persons suffering from such problems as drought , disease and hunger , while 23 % avoid looking at footage of this nature upon sighting it .
In the mosses and hornworts a cuticle is usually only produced on the sporophyte .
The report offers several pieces of advice for Indian policy makers , including trying to change current role models to include more women who do not follow social norms .
Other prominent Renaissance sculptors include Lorenzo Ghiberti , Luca Della Robbia , Donatello , Filippo Brunelleschi , Andrea del Verrocchio .
It is the only Western allied formation to have fought until the end of the war in the East .
The Fire then fought back to 37 -- 36 .
He was sentenced for these crimes to at least eight years in jail and was on parole in 2012 when he raped a Dutch backpacker and in 2013 raped and murdered Jill Meagher .
This internal form of empire has been referred to as `` internal colonialism '' .
The Barbary pirates thus had no need to rebel against the Ottoman Empire -- their nominal state government -- to gain recognition for their sovereignty .
According to the driver of the bus , Nachum Herzi , no passengers prior to the explosion seemed suspicious .
He held minor public posts , as one of the tresviri capitales , as a member of the Centumviral court and as one of the decemviri litibus iudicandis , but resigned to pursue poetry probably around 29 -- 25 BC , a decision his father apparently disapproved of .
In 1990 , data was gathered to show the percentage of people with disabilities who worked in the U.S. Out of the 13 % who filled out the survey , only 53 % percent of individuals with disabilities worked while 90 % of this group population did not , the government wanted to change this , they wanted Americans with disabilities to have the same opportunities as those who did not have a disability .
Yohann Taberlet won a bronze in the men 's sitting downhill .
Only approximately 1 -- 5 % of people who seek emergency treatment for headaches have a serious underlying cause .
Selek has indicated a desire to return to Turkey with her name cleared .
Farhi : Russia claims Syria has presented it -LSB- with -RSB- evidence that the rebels have used chemical weapons ; and Russia , in turn , has given the evidence to the UNSC .
A study by NASA on eight chimpanzees found all of them survived two and a half minute exposures to vacuum .
Breaches occurred regardless : one at Henglong in 1034 divided the course in three and repeatedly flooded the northern regions of Dezhou and Bozhou .
A roll of 1 allows the checker to enter on the 24-point -LRB- opponent 's 1 -RRB- , a roll of 2 on the 23-point -LRB- opponent 's 2 -RRB- , and so forth , up to a roll of 6 allowing entry on the 19-point -LRB- opponent 's 6 -RRB- .
The show 's tower stands eight stories high , with performers attempting to dive into a pool just 9.5 feet deep .
Leibniz asserted that the truths of theology -LRB- religion -RRB- and philosophy can not contradict each other , since reason and faith are both `` gifts of God '' so that their conflict would imply God contending against himself .
However , trade unions USDAW and Community were amongst those supporting Murphy 's continued leadership .
The film was awarded for `` a visually and emotionally superior depiction of human resilience , sensibility , and interdependence '' .
Like other animals , fish suffer from diseases and parasites .
The São Paulo Metro operates 69.0 km -LRB- 42.9 mi -RRB- of underground railway systems -LRB- 34.6 km -LRB- 21.5 mi -RRB- fully underground -RRB- locally known as the Metrô -RRB- , with 5 lines in operation and 60 stations .
The empress is shown with plaited blond hair , rosy cheeks and grey eyes , revealing her Hungarian descent .
Elizabeth sent a new ambassador , Dr. Giles Fletcher , to demand from the regent Boris Godunov that he convince the Tsar to reconsider .
One effect of the facade and lengthened nave is to screen the view of the dome , so that the building , from the front , has no vertical feature , except from a distance .
Pence also called for a civil debate for the matter and to treat everyone with respect .
The barbs cause intense irritation but there is no evidence that they carry any kind of venom .
The case did not involve firearms and Grieve spoke of `` seriously impeded or prejudiced '' proceedings if any jurors saw the photos .
Fracking wo n't deliver energy on a meaningful scale for years , if ever , by which time we 'll need to have moved away from dirty fossil fuels and towards high-tech clean power if we 're to head off dangerous climate change . ''
For example , the function f such that f -LRB- x -RRB- = 1/x does not define a value for x = 0 , since division by zero is not defined .
Mouth diseases include tongue diseases and salivary gland diseases .
Christian anarchism is a movement in political theology that combines anarchism and Christianity .
A person 's needs change frequently , which is why fashion trends even exist .
The three who chose to remain outside the Eurozone were : the United Kingdom , Denmark , and Sweden .
The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .
The plane , a 1974 Piper , model PA28140 , crashed in a field just east of the airport .
Others are given by a picture , called the graph of the function .
On March 13 , 2006 , a story in the People 's Daily reported that a proposal had been made to print the portraits of Sun Yat-sen and Deng Xiaoping .
The probe found two marines died after the pilots lost control in a tailwind in Morocco .
Kotsonis : No one thinks Ukraine can stand up to Russia .
Gujarati-speaking areas of Bombay State were partitioned into the state of Gujarat .
He was not the first to jokingly remark that the four-line graphic -- a triangle , with a balanced line on top of it -- would be an easily-applied piece of graffiti .
Incumbent U.S. President Barack Obama has been projected enough electoral votes to win re-election , defeating Republican challenger Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential election .
The large crowds were part of the reason it took around an hour for fire service members to reach the scene of the fire .
Mature female bolas spiders of the genus Mastophora build `` webs '' that consist of only a single `` trapeze line '' , which they patrol .
In such a utopian world there would also be little if any need for a state , which goal was to enforce the alienation .
The HIV epidemic in Southern Indiana has been linked to a drug problem in Scott County .
At its peak in the 1970s , the programme achieved nine million viewers .
Of the total surface area in agricultural use -LRB- forestry excluded -RRB- , grain fields take up 31 % , olive tree orchards 8.2 % , vineyards 5.4 % , citrus orchards 3.8 % , sugar beets 1.7 % , and horticulture 2.4 % .
The skin and respiratory tract secrete antimicrobial peptides such as the β-defensins .
Around the 1820s Sakukawa 's most significant student Matsumura Sōkon -LRB- 1809 -- 1899 -RRB- taught a synthesis of te -LRB- Shuri-te and Tomari-te -RRB- and Shaolin -LRB- Chinese 少林 -RRB- styles .
And so we are going to be dealing with this issue on into the future .
However , he subsequently produced three other proofs , the last one in 1849 being generally rigorous .
No official cause of death has been announced .
In France , Hugo is known primarily for his poetry collections , such as Les Contemplations -LRB- The Contemplations -RRB- and La Légende des siècles -LRB- The Legend of the Ages -RRB- .
In 2009 , a four-day culture festival was held in the Beit ` Anan suburb of Jerusalem , attended by more than 15,000 people
This period of Nordic military , mercantile and demographic expansion constitutes an important element in the early medieval history of Scandinavia , Estonia , the British Isles , France , Kievan Rus ' and Sicily .
`` This story as written misrepresents reasonable compensation for real and provable work done '' , said Owens in a press release .
Wikinews photographed the march from Edinburgh 's St. Andrew 's Square to the Scottish Parliament .
One study found that the improved survival could be explained by the more aggressive treatment obese people receive after a cardiac event .
In the United Kingdom , Strathclyde Police arrested a 24-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman in relation to the death of a man in Glasgow , Scotland , reports said yesterday .
Intercepting these signals might allow tracking the drones .
Grief counsellors were available at the school to provide support to students .
The reasons for this , according to James Lees-Milne , are that it was not given enough consideration by the Pope and committee because of the desire to get the building completed quickly , coupled with the fact that Maderno was hesitant to deviate from the pattern set by Michelangelo at the other end of the building .
As well , even tanks with advanced armour plating can have their tracks damaged by RPGs , which may render them immobile .
Brazil then struck back scoring five unanswered points to tie the score again at 48 -- 48 but Amber Merritt then scored one from the paint to put the Gliders back in front .
Accounts written at the time conflict over whether this destruction was deliberate or accidental ; one such account , written by the German officer Sobievolski , states that a Turkish deserter revealed to Morosini the use to which the Turks had put the Parthenon expecting that the Venetians would not target a building of such historic importance .
Since its opening , in the days when the paella was made in Manhattan in a pot with a lid instead of the regional authentic way as made in Valencia , with a pan , the Executive Chef of Solera Restaurant at that time , Dominick Cerrone , began incorporating Spanish regional dishes prepared with fidelity to its Spanish origin , one of the marks of the restaurant .
Vettel and Hamilton were not the only stars retiring early .
Romney also launched a TV advert which stated that the idea represents a broader failing of the Obama presidency by suggesting that Obama 's `` solution to everything is to add another bureaucrat . ''
Within minutes of Dennis Kruse calling HJR-3 for second reading -- and that 's when I put out the tweet saying there was n't support for me to call my amendment and that the second sentence was dead for the session of the General Assembly .
The IOC visited Tokyo , Japan earlier this month and is scheduled to visit Istanbul , Turkey later this month .
The defence focused on averting the death penalty , and called only four witnesses , seeking to present Tsarnaev 's older brother Tamerlan as the guiding force in the attack .
The Russo-Turkish War -LRB- 1877 -- 78 -RRB- ended with a decisive victory for Russia .
From French came 芭蕾 bāléi `` ballet '' and 香槟 xiāngbīn , `` champagne '' ; from Italian , 咖啡 kāfēi `` caffè '' .
Bob Thomas was hospitalised after being hit by a falling tree in his garden .
Names of participants would be engraved , at their option , on a flag pole monument to be built in the nation 's capital , Wellington .
Following the Iraq visit Kerry is to visit Saudi Arabia as part of the broad U.S. strategy of regional resistance against the militants .
French President François Hollande described the attacks as `` deplorable '' and promised the Danish `` full solidarity of France in this trial '' .
A hen can hatch no more than 15-23 eggs , depending on the time of year , and supervise no more than 30 hatchlings .
We are pleased to report they are safely out of the country , '' said NBC News in a statement on their website .
In December , they tried to overthrow Mao , resulting in the Futian incident , during which Mao 's loyalists tortured many and executed between 2000 and 3000 dissenters .
This leads to short-term fluctuations in its speed , and therefore its period from year to year .
It was agreed that they would go their separate ways , with Zhu De joining Zhang .
The candidates will be seeking to clinch the votes of the millions of undecided voters .
As the gas density decreases , the MFP increases , and when the MFP is longer than the chamber , pump , spacecraft , or other objects present , the continuum assumptions of fluid mechanics do not apply .
They urgently need to make clear what they knew about these calls and what action they took about them . ''
Authorities view it as one of the most serious public health problems of the 21st century .
Thus , analytic and algebraic number theory can and do overlap : the former is defined by its methods , the latter by its objects of study .
Chronic hunger and malnutrition were the norm for the majority of the population of the world including Britain and France , until the late 19th century .
It knows if a war were to break out , it will definitively lose to South Korea .
One example is an enzyme called tyrosinase that , when expressed at high levels , transforms certain skin cells -LRB- e.g. melanocytes -RRB- into tumors called melanomas .
Where very high power-to-weight ratios are required , internal combustion engines appear in the form of combustion turbines or Wankel engines .
Norway scored the only overtime shootout goal .
It comprises an estimated 88 million native speakers and 10 million who speak German as a second language -LRB- e.g. immigrants -RRB- .
Traditionally , the widely held view is that the US Constitution trumps the State Constitution and that federal decisions in court trump state constitutional law .
In Wisconsin , Democrat Tammy Baldwin defeated Tommy Thompson for U.S. Senate and will be the first openly gay member of the Senate .
According to the newspaper Southern Metropolis Daily , Quannengshen , a doomsday cult which bases its ideology on the Christian Bible , began about twenty years ago in Heilongjiang province and now has members based in the eastern provinces of China .
565 complaints originated in the 48382 zip code , which is in Commerce Township , Michigan , located in suburban Detroit .
Vasin matched the European Championship Record in the men 's 50 meter freestyle final , with a time of 24.35 , equaling Greek George Dontas 's record set at the 2002 championships in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The United States has not medaled at the past two Paraympic Games , with their best finish a fourth at the 2010 Games .
Lee 's body was found dumped in a ditch clad in a black sequinned dress .
In the case of snakes , the complete outer layer of skin is shed in one layer .
The 30-year-old was found unresponsive at his home in Los Angeles by his assistant on Thursday .
In other words , `` Naqshbandi '' may be taken as `` followup or like a flow chart '' of practices exercised by the head of this school of thought .
Terry : The North 's latest tactic -- to return to diplomacy after provoking Seoul and Washington earlier this year -- does not mean that the North has abandoned its timeworn brinkmanship strategy nor that it has shifted its nuclear policy .
The prevalence of FGM is estimated at about 5 % of women .
He conceived spiritual life in the whole universe as a great system of law penetrated by eternal truth , and from this source he gained the firm confidence that death does not end all .
Although the fetus begins to move during the first trimester , it is not until the second trimester that movement , often referred to as `` quickening '' , can be felt .
With the final declaration by the Highland Council this gave a final total of 1,617,989 `` Yes '' and 2,001,926 `` No '' votes .
Atmospheric circulation , topographic features , and temperature differences determine the average precipitation that falls in each region .
Usually used for backhands . -RRB-
I think it 's important to remember Pyongyang 's periodic provocations and its pursuit of nuclear arsenal are not reactions or self-defense measures against a threatening Seoul or Washington .
Romans who received an elite education studied Greek as a literary language , and most men of the governing classes could speak Greek .
Various names -LRB- now rarely , if ever , used -RRB- have been given to particular cases : -- amphicyrtic -LRB- Gr .
Despite this morphological similarity to bacteria , archaea possess genes and several metabolic pathways that are more closely related to those of eukaryotes , notably the enzymes involved in transcription and translation .
The next nominee Roger MacBride also left the party and went to the Republican Party .
Despite these freedoms , ancient Egyptian women did not often take part in official roles in the administration , served only secondary roles in the temples , and were not as likely to be as educated as men .
Any film can become a worldwide attraction , especially with the addition of dubbing or subtitles that translate the film message .
The arrests and alleged baton charge on students led to further protests on Wednesday , including a rally attended by around 3500 people in the evening .
Hemp goods were advertised and on sale at the event , and some attendees were seen drinking cannabis-themed energy drinks .
Sources also indicate Long Island may experience wind chills as severe as 10 below zero Fahrenheit -LRB- about 23 below zero Celsius -RRB- .
It is demonstrated that oscillations of well-being appear when the reserve of adaptability is almost exhausted .
Numerals between three and ten show `` chiasmic '' agreement , in that grammatically masculine numerals have feminine marking and vice versa .
There were a number of flags on display in the crowd , including the flags of Brazil , Turkey and France , and the ubiquitous Union Flag .
This concept is related to analysis of the prime-counting function and the currently unsolved Riemann 's hypothesis .
This climate change shifted the cost-benefit ratio of endemic violence between communities , which saw the abandonment of unwalled village communities and the appearance of walled cities , associated with the first civilizations .
On Monday at 19:00 local time -LRB- 1800 UTC -RRB- , Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands held a speech on radio and television , announcing she will abdicate the throne on April 30 .
Greene was serving as deputy commanding general of the Combined Security Transition Command -- Afghanistan at the time of his death .
The army units that were standing in front of the Republican Guard headquarters first started shooting teargas , then live ammunition above people 's heads -LSB- ... -RSB- I was taking cover with another guy behind some rubble and I felt something hit my head .
At 2:30 left , the United States and Italy were about equal with shots on goal : 4 for USA , 5 for Italy .
Despite his withdrawal , the expedition is to continue without him and his fellow team members are to trek the 2,000 miles -LRB- 3,219 km -RRB- across Antarctica from Novolazarevskaya Station -LRB- Novo -RRB- to the Ross Sea starting on March 21 , at the autumnal equinox and approaching winter , taking six months .
They discovered that the radiation fields near the planet were much stronger than expected , but both spacecraft managed to survive in that environment .
Some cultures include third-gender -LRB- two-spirit or transgender -RRB- individuals , such as the berdache of the Zuni in New Mexico .
In 1564 , Mughal forces conquered the Gondwana kingdom .
In particular , the offence of `` unsporting behaviour '' may be used to deal with most events that violate the spirit of the game , even if they are not listed as specific offences .
Collins attended Santa Monica City College prior to enlisting in the US Army .
The court ruled it was not proved the baby was alive at the time of the cesarean delivery .
Mr Entwistle said earlier yesterday that the film should not have been broadcast .
Others have suggested that the word comes from the term ahl aṣ-ṣuffah -LRB- `` the people of the bench '' -RRB- , who were a group of impoverished companions of Muhammad who held regular gatherings of dhikr .
When the head of Moral Philosophy in Glasgow died the next year , Smith took over the position .
White-Gluz said yesterday `` It is not often that you get a phone call from your favorite band asking you to join ! ''
This groundwater later flows back to the surface in springs , or more spectacularly in hot springs and geysers .
Many amphibians are nocturnal and hide during the day , thereby avoiding diurnal predators that hunt by sight .
His first experiences at surveying occurred in the territory surrounding Mount Vernon .
A large part of the surface area of the world 's deserts consists of flat , stone-covered plains dominated by wind erosion .
In his homeland of Argentina , where high schools bear his name , numerous Che museums dot the country and in 2008 a 12-foot -LRB- 3.7 m -RRB- bronze statue of him was unveiled in the city of his birth , Rosario .
The experiment was designed to explore the boundary between conventional physics , which applies to larger objects , and quantum physics , which applies only to extremely small objects .
The refugees had reported being towed back from Australia by the Australian Navy , which had originally deceptively claimed Christmas Island as the refugees ' destination .
The first press mention of Antonín Dvořák appeared in the Hudební listy journal in June 1871 , and the first publicly performed composition was the song Vzpomínání -LRB- `` Reminiscence '' , October 1871 , musical evenings of L. Procházka -RRB- .
In many of these languages , the word for iron may also be used to denote other objects made of iron or steel , or figuratively because of the hardness and strength of the metal .
However , a seven pitch segment of C5 -LRB- the cycle of fifths , which are enharmonic with the cycle of fourths -RRB- will produce the diatonic major scale .
Initial ideas related to flavour oscillation met with skepticism .
Spectators included the Australian Chef de Mission , Jason Hellwig , and his deputies , Michael Hartung and Kate McLoughlin .
Although the Scottish Government aims to reduce prisoner populations the new prison is to be more than twice the size of Barlinnie .
Our men and service women come back with their limbs blown off .
Possessions that may be used to harm oneself are typically removed .
In the modern era , some investigations that were traditionally part of philosophy became separate academic disciplines , including psychology , sociology , linguistics and economics .
The IPC sent representatives to the track to ask coaches if they were aware of changes between prosthetics being measured and being used on the track .
Copolymers can undergo microphase separation to form a diverse array of periodic nanostructures , as shown in the example of the styrene-butadiene-styrene block copolymer shown at right .
Both Mr. and Mrs. and Look Who 's Talking were originally regional programmes and were later broadcast across the ITV Network , Batey reported .
First position , where most beginners start -LRB- although some methods start in third position -RRB- , is the most commonly used position in string music .
Other mathematicians created variants , now known as Machin-like formulae , that were used to set several successive records for calculating digits of π .
Nothing in the United States Constitution alters or overrides this duty . ''
In 1980 , the country boycotted the Summer Olympics in Moscow because of the USSR invasion of Afghanistan .
Hundreds of municipal seats , all of the Lower House , and most of the Senate all require elected .
That evening , a group of people said to be from the team reportedly arrived at Cape , a bar in Stirling , wearing football kits , their faces and limbs covered black .
While cattle fed forage actually produce more methane than grain-fed cattle , the increase may be offset by the increased carbon recapture of pastures , which recapture three times the CO2 of cropland used for grain .
Ideally a villa commanded a view or vista , carefully framed by the architectural design .
The nature of Kafka 's prose allows for varied interpretations and critics have placed his writing into a variety of literary schools .
This made those critics feel the prizes were too Eurocentric .
This was the first known recorded reference to the art of `` Tudi , '' written as 唐手 .
Kate Pickert of Time wrote in her profile , `` Fluke ... weathered the attention with poise and maturity and emerged as a political celebrity . ''
Modern crop cultivars generally reach a height of around 1 m -LRB- 3.3 ft -RRB- , and take 80 -- 120 days from sowing to harvesting .
Some publications suggest that archaeal or eukaryotic lipid remains are present in shales dating from 2.7 billion years ago ; such data have since been questioned .
The toy piano manufacturer Schoenhut started manufacturing both grands and uprights with only 44 or 49 keys , and shorter distance between the keyboard and the pedals .
The first component corresponds to sensible heat and the second to latent heat .
The next day , attorney general James P. McGranery revoked Chaplin 's re-entry permit and stated that he would have to submit to an interview concerning his political views and moral behaviour in order to re-enter the US .
When the raven fails to return , he opens the ark and frees its inhabitants .
McGuinness paid tribute to Paisley via Twitter : `` Very sad to learn that Ian Paisley has died .
This would keep infrastructure costs down and make the Games more affordable for Spain .
The local mayor near the Pontville detention centre , Tony Foster , said the centre was opened only three years ago and revived the local economy .
Most cotton in the United States , Europe and Australia is harvested mechanically , either by a cotton picker , a machine that removes the cotton from the boll without damaging the cotton plant , or by a cotton stripper , which strips the entire boll off the plant .
Instead , they made their media guide available online , with plans to release it on a USB flash drive at a later date .
The first is the area surrounding Amsterdam Sloterdijk railway station , where several newspapers like De Telegraaf have their offices .
The study of these `` great fossil lizards '' soon became of great interest to European and American scientists , and in 1842 the English paleontologist Richard Owen coined the term `` dinosaur '' .
The city has a per-capita income of US$ 3,100 -LRB- the lowest among the world 's megacities -RRB- ; and an estimated 34 % of households live below the poverty line .
Bank of America leads all companies in terms of total complaints filed this month with 9 .
Still , fractions such as 22/7 and other rational numbers are commonly used to approximate π .
Rounding out the bottom five states by volume of complaints , Mississippi had 11 .
As many as nine other buildings in the Lagos Island fire yesterday were also impacted by the flames , according to authorities .
Italian clubs have won 48 major European trophies , making Italy the second most successful country in European football .
He contrasted the innerworldly asceticism developed by Western Christianity with mystical contemplation of the kind developed in India .
In 2002 , The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria was drawn up to improve the resources available .
`` My heart is bursting with pride but breaking with pain for my courageous , selfless , inspirational son '' , she wrote .
In addition to vastly increasing the number of known exoplanets , it has now been established that solar systems with multiple planets are common , and approximately Earth-sized exoplanets are relatively common .
Rescue crews began searching the lake for a missing person on Sunday evening around 8:30 pm -LRB- local time -RRB- .
This asymmetry has important applications in public key cryptography , such as for example in the Diffie -- Hellman key exchange , a routine that allows secure exchanges of cryptographic keys over unsecured information channels .
Countries typically allocate governmental support to the more vulnerable groups in society because those who are strong can protect their interests through their vast financial and social means .
The comments have caused an uproar , not just in the NBA , but within the Clippers team .
Transition metal compounds show a rich coordination chemistry , varying from tetrahedral for titanium -LRB- e.g. , TiCl4 -RRB- to square planar for some nickel complexes to octahedral for coordination complexes of cobalt .
Four seconds later , Bibby drew a foul and was all smiles before going to the line .
Timur began his Persian campaign with Herat , capital of the Kartid dynasty .
The oldest such traces come from the Isua district , which include Earth 's oldest known sediments , formed 3.8 billion years ago .
Five-sixths of Ireland seceded from the UK in 1922 , leaving the present formulation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .
Across the board for India , improved gender equality on the local level led to improvements in sanitation , water supplies , irrigation , and schools .
Official figures provided by the police were that 150 attended .
The article disconcerted Nobel and made him apprehensive about how he would be remembered .
Device drivers , which operate or control a particular type of device that is attached to a computer .
The plural cȳ became ki or kie in Middle English , and an additional plural ending was often added , giving kine , kien , but also kies , kuin and others .
Would a military parade like this be more likely to encourage hostile behaviour ?
At first , NBC did n't officially acknowledge either of the journalists were missing and according to Gawker , they website was `` subject to a news blackout -- one to which Gawker agreed until now -- for at least the past 24 hours . ''
Fluke spoke to attendees at the convention about the consequences for women of electing Republican candidate for U.S. President , Mitt Romney , over incumbent President Barack Obama .
There was extensive damage to the front and rear of the car ; the windows were cracked and broken .
AP said techniques to be tested include signal jamming .
Wagner 's middle stage output began with Der fliegende Holländer -LRB- The Flying Dutchman , 1843 -RRB- , followed by Tannhäuser -LRB- 1845 -RRB- and Lohengrin -LRB- 1850 -RRB- .
The mixture of nitric and hydrochloric acids was known as aqua regia -LRB- royal water -RRB- , celebrated for its ability to dissolve gold , the king of metals .
Similarly , natural diamonds usually have minor imperfections and flaws , such as inclusions of foreign material , that are not seen in synthetic diamonds .
His motives are not yet clear , but reports say his mother Nancy , who was also killed , may have been the target .
So I started on the first of July full time with the Gliders , but I still had the under-23s to get through to September , so we had a camp , our first camp in July with the Gliders .
`` There are preparations -LSB- for ground troops -RSB- , and if we are required to , the option of a entry by ground is available , '' said Yoav Mordechai , a Brigadier-General with the IDF .
The size of a modern book is based on the printing area of a common flatbed press .
Stephen Fredrick , a former pilot of similar aircraft , told CNN video showing the final seconds is consistent with dual flameout .
Protesters were moved onto the sidewalk by the police ; when they could no longer be accommodated on the sidewalk they spilled into the alleyways , and down Nathan Road towards Tsim Sha Tsui .
There have been people that I swam against in the past that two years later were disqualified .
Many of these early delineation schemes would now be considered whimsical : schemes included consanguinity based on colour -LRB- all plants with yellow flowers -RRB- or behaviour -LRB- snakes , scorpions and certain biting ants -RRB- .
In 1546 Michelangelo produced the highly complex ovoid design for the pavement of the Campidoglio and began designing an upper storey for the Farnese Palace .
Repeated incidents can result in disqualification .
It is taught that Christ 's mission on earth included giving people his teachings and providing his example for them to follow as recorded in the four Gospels .
He concluded , `` It genuinely is time for a politics that puts all of us first . ''
While maternal mortality seldom results from safe abortions , unsafe abortions result in 70,000 deaths and 5 million disabilities per year .
The UN gladly accepted the current Egyptian initiative and Ban Ki-moon , UN 's secretary general , called for talks to commence in Cairo as soon as possible .
The Brazilians pinched Australian players several times by trying to force them to go over their wheelchairs and lose their balance .
Cast metal movable type was spread to Europe between the late 14th century and the early 15th century .
-LSB- ... -RSB- I 've known Cardinal George for a long time .
The countries where the fewest people reported a religious belief were Estonia -LRB- 16 % -RRB- and the Czech Republic -LRB- 19 % -RRB- .
Hughes told the Tampa Bay Times of his intentions to fly the light-weight aircraft .
Perhaps the most important contribution he made during his time at Uppsala was to teach ; many of his students travelled to various places in the world to collect botanical samples .
The lower five metres of the Qomolangma Formation overlying this detachment are very highly deformed .
Glass ceramics may also occur naturally when lightning strikes the crystalline -LRB- e.g. quartz -RRB- grains found in most beach sand .
Millington converted both tries .
Iran , China , and Russia have remained as allies to the al-Assad government despite the alleged use of chemical weapons in Ghouta on August 21 , 2013 .
Calcium carbonate constitutes the shells of molluscs , brachiopods and some tube-building polychaete worms and silica forms the exoskeleton of the microscopic diatoms and radiolaria .
Many of these are known as mycorrhiza and form a mutualistic relationship with the tree roots .
Clashes continued into the early morning hours before subsiding .
This comes after extensive investigation into the life of the 27 year old co-pilot Andreas Lubitz who had reportedly suffered depression .
Mandela served 27 years in prison , initially on Robben Island , and later in Pollsmoor Prison and Victor Verster Prison .
In 1928 , Congress authorized the project to build a dam that would control floods , provide irrigation water and produce hydroelectric power .
At a more professional level , for example in modern Broadway houses , stagecraft is managed by hundreds of skilled carpenters , painters , electricians , stagehands , stitchers , wigmakers , and the like .
Egypt was conquered from their base in Ifriqiya and a new fortified city northeast of Fustat was established .
Unnatural causes of death include suicide and homicide .
The continuation of this trend was noted by Alan Stone : `` As academic psychology becomes more ` scientific ' and psychiatry more biological , psychoanalysis is being brushed aside . ''
... Michelle and I share our thoughts and prayers with his family . ''
The detached tails of leopard geckos can wiggle for up to 20 minutes .
Timothy Gowers , a mathematician from Cambridge University , announced the award in Oslo yesterday .
The Indian fishermen reportedly had completed the terms of their imprisonment sentences last year ; Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry released a statement on Monday expressing hope for release of Pakistanis whose sentences in India are complete .
Genji 's mother dies when he is three years old , and the Emperor can not forget her .
The truck driver called police who stopped Yervelli 's car at the Hamburg toll plaza and detained him .
Chaplin finished editing City Lights in December 1930 , by which time silent films were an anachronism .
Computer simulations suggest that up to 14,000 km2 -LRB- 5,400 sq mi -RRB- of the surface may be in permanent shadow .
The Facebook account has reportedly added two new friends during the shooting .
There are a number of esophageal diseases such as the development of Schatzki rings that can restrict the passageway , causing difficulties in swallowing .
This has created a highly diverse and eclectic range in architectural designs .
And the people was urinating and excreting anywhere .
At the start , this French army had about 200,000 men organized into seven corps , which were large field units that contained 36 to 40 cannons each and were capable of independent action until other corps could come to the rescue .
In 2011 , a woman shot pepper spray at 20 people who were waiting to purchase the newest Xbox system .
Some within the Muslim Brotherhood movement have suggested they may be outlawed , as they were under Hosni Mubarak .
The witch hunts expanded into Baden following its reconquest by Tilly , while the Imperial victory in the Palatinate opened the way for their eventual spread to the Rhineland .
And she saw what we were doing one time , went to an awards dinner , and she was basically gobsmacked by what relationship we had with these boys .
Most of the infrastructure for a Tokyo Games has been built , which assists in keeping costs down as the world economy is a potential concern for financing the Games .
More serious incidents occurred in 2012 , when a train heading from Oban to Glasgow struck a landslip caused by heavy rains but did not derail , and in 2010 , when a train derailed , caught fire , and was left dangling over a nearby road .
Synthetic diamonds are diamonds manufactured in a laboratory , as opposed to diamonds mined from the Earth .
With only their life jackets as support , the men floated in the water , unsure if they would be rescued .
There is clearly an assessment of risks that has been carried out by the Kremlin , and so far it has paid off .
Dams can be formed by human agency , natural causes , or even by the intervention of wildlife such as beavers .
Construction began on 26 June 2016 .
Communism was wholly opposed to monarchy , and became an important element of many republican movements during the 20th century .
However , due to current manufacturing techniques , the batteries have often been larger than the devices they are supposed to power .
Democracy '' written on the three extended fingers .
In the `` Critique of Aesthetic Judgment , '' the first major division of the Critique of Judgment , Kant used the term `` aesthetic '' in a manner that , according to Kant scholar W.H. Walsh , differs from its modern sense .
Zhèng -LRB- Chinese : 正 -RRB- meaning `` right '' , `` just '' , or `` true '' , would have received the Mongolian adjectival modifier - s , creating `` Jenggis '' , which in medieval romanization would be written `` Genghis '' .
All three songs contained patriotic themes .
Similarly , the term parity -LRB- abbreviated as `` para '' -RRB- is used for the number of times a female carries a pregnancy past 20 weeks of gestation .
Boxer Raymond Joval and field hockey midfielder Carole Thate were the first to receive the awards , in 1999 .
If you were from outer space watching games , you would not know that a game was being played by men or women at the top level .
Seracs , crevasses and shifting blocks of ice make the icefall one of the most dangerous sections of the route .
The flight was predominately made up of Spanish and German citizens .
The main prize went to Liza , Go Home !
Regarding what he plans to do next with the carcass , Fenwick said `` If we 're not allowed to sell it , we 're willing to drop our 99 cent price down to a zero . ''
Crowds of thousands of nearby people accumulated near the fire , with spectators and individuals intending to assist or gain information about relatives amongst them .
By early 1942 , the `` Fighting French '' movement , as it was now called , gained rapidly in power and influence ; it overcame Vichy in Syria and Lebanon , adding to its base .
The character was cut in beech wood , which was then pressed into a soft clay to form a mould , and bronze poured into the mould , and finally the type was polished .
The oldest oceanic crust is located in the Western Pacific and has an estimated age of 7015631152000000000 ♠ 200 Ma .
More proximally is a protrusion which appears to be a sixth `` finger '' .
China has a strict policy on censoring films , for sex , violence , and political content .
The Chinese had no uniform phonetic transcription system until the mid-20th century , although enunciation patterns were recorded in early rime books and dictionaries .
Each of these votes is now being individually checked in a process involving international observers in a full audit of the ballot papers .
His action saved countless lives .
Because Black has the advantage of playing the first move , the idea of awarding White some compensation came into being during the 20th century .
Greek is also the language in which many of the foundational texts in science , especially astronomy , mathematics and logic , and Western philosophy , such as the Platonic dialogues and the works of Aristotle , are composed ; the New Testament of the Holy Bible was written in Koiné Greek .
When a region reaches a sufficient density of matter to satisfy the criteria for Jeans instability , it begins to collapse under its own gravitational force .
-LRB- 1820s -RRB- During his Odessa exile , Alexander Pushkin compared himself to Ovid ; memorably versified in the epistle To Ovid -LRB- 1821 -RRB- .
The visitor inquired of Abraham why Sarah laughed at bearing a child at her age , as nothing is too hard for God .
He said the IDF holds Hamas responsible for any attacks from Gaza .
The Democratic Party joined with former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's People of Freedom Party to form a coalition government .
Johnson : Well , I think libertarians are libertarians .
Gould said her arm had been scanned , and the doctors will make their evaluation .
You can sell your shares of Starbucks and buy shares in another company . ''
The nationalist movement had been confined to the territories under direct British rule .
`` Baijis were the last surviving species of a large lineage dating back seventy million years and one of only six species of freshwater dolphins '' .
And so for me , I do n't think the information is going to be any clearer .
Fenwick told TGaM the whale was `` in half decent shape '' .
His successor Askia Mohammad I -LRB- 1493 -- 1528 -RRB- made Islam the official religion , built mosques , and brought to Gao Muslim scholars , including al-Maghili -LRB- d. 1504 -RRB- , the founder of an important tradition of Sudanic African Muslim scholarship .
India rejects the accusation , and calls for Pakistan to prosecute militants based there for the 2008 Mumbai attacks , which killed over 150 people .
From experience I know that the diameters of the fixed stars are not proportionally magnified with higher powers , as planets are ; therefore I now put the powers at 460 and 932 , and found that the diameter of the comet increased in proportion to the power , as it ought to be , on the supposition of its not being a fixed star , while the diameters of the stars to which I compared it were not increased in the same ratio .
He added `` Ian Holloway remains a fine manager and it was his impressive track record which led us to appoint him some 14 months ago .
Narrative poetry is a genre of poetry that tells a story .
And then in '85 was the birth of my first son , and with that came a bit of change of priorities , so then in 1986 I moved back to Sydney .
This logic did not add up for us '' , Lyon added .
Tokyo last hosted the Olympics in 1964 and had previously won the rights to host the later canceled 1940 Summer Olympics .
Man-made dams are typically classified according to their size -LRB- height -RRB- , intended purpose or structure .
Depending on the instruction being executed , the operands may come from internal CPU registers or external memory , or they may be constants generated by the ALU itself .
Some of the largest seeds come from trees , but the largest tree , Sequoiadendron giganteum , produces one of the smallest tree seeds .
Some items of clothing he was wearing , that he had borrowed from MacKinnon , were removed from his body following the killing .
Sunday , July 21 , 2013 The nineteenth edition of the Maccabiah Games , one of the largest sporting events in the world , was inaugurated Thursday in Jerusalem 's Teddy Kollek Stadium .
Simon Ličen : The impact depends on a number of aspects .
Other runestones mention men who died on Viking expeditions .
Kelly : Not really , because NK already engages in so much hostile behavior it is hard to know how much more restraint SK show .
This is the first time an international wheelchair rugby event has been held outdoors , and in this arena .
The five men could face the death penalty if convicted .
The embedded heating circuits activate the robot 's self-folding by heating shape memory polymers at the hinges .
Architectural achievements include his Port Lligat house near Cadaqués , as well as his Theatre and Museum in Figueres .
It was a combination of shots of different film directors that have been filming the protests in Ukraine during these past four months .
On the next opportunity to bring subs in , Bibby was subbed out of the game .
The Chinese began to withdraw in November 1968 in preparation for a clash with the Soviets , which occurred at Zhenbao Island in March 1969 .
Thomas Cohen also paid tribute : `` My beloved wife Peaches was adored by myself and her two sons Astala and Phaedra and I shall bring them up with their mother in their hearts everyday .
They travelled over large areas with their herds , moving to new pastures as seasonal and erratic rainfall encouraged new plant growth .
Participatory dancers often all employ the same movements and steps but , for example , in the rave culture of electronic dance music , vast crowds may engage in free dance , uncoordinated with those around them .
One influential event was the late 2000s recession , which was associated with lower growth -LRB- in areas such as cross-border phone calls and Skype usage -RRB- or even temporarily negative growth -LRB- in areas such as trade -RRB- of global interconnectedness .
Algorithms were used in ancient Greece .
It prefers its partners , such as Russia , to take on confrontational roles while it tries to remain more neutral and passive .
Furthermore , some religions -LRB- such as Judaism -RRB- attribute only a purely grammatical `` gender '' to God .
Using legislation that provided the death penalty to multiple murderers the court sentenced Courchesne to death .
It was a very fruitful experience , and many other results have still to -LSB- be -RSB- published .
The raw material for this was blister steel , made by the cementation process .
Being a committed monarchist himself , Bismarck allowed no effective constitutional check on the power of the Emperor , thus placing a time bomb in the foundation of the Germany that he created .
Cyrillic is derived from the Greek uncial script , augmented by letters from the older Glagolitic alphabet , including some ligatures .
`` They should n't have to apply for residency , '' said Santiago Canton of the Robert F Kennedy Center for Human Rights in a Guardian interview .
Following the act , at least one of the suspects then reportedly descended from the building by parachute , reported state news channel Rossiya 24 , and captured on a video published by Lifenews , reportedly filmed by a local resident .
The Federal Reserve Board has a quality-adjusted price index for large-scale enterprise storage systems including three or more enterprise HDDs and associated controllers , racks and cables .
Researchers have pinpointed certain proteins that are responsible for the antifreeze properties , which are proteins that help the organism remain alive in subzero environments .
While they acknowledge and admire the hard work their mothers have done in the domestic sphere , they seek better education and opportunities .
According to National Interest editor Jacob Heilbrunn , Webb 's views on foreign policy and social issues may attract `` anti-war progressives as well as conservative-minded Southern white men . ''
The richest 20 % of women average around 1.5 total children .
The most important waste stream from nuclear power plants is spent nuclear fuel .
Humid regions experience more precipitation than evaporation each year , while arid regions experience greater evaporation than precipitation on an annual basis .
Temperature forecasts are used by utility companies to estimate demand over coming days .
Most French rulers since the Middle Ages made a point of leaving their mark on a city that , contrary to many other of the world 's capitals , has never been destroyed by catastrophe or war .
This dialect eventually became the norm in the realms of education , media , government and business .
Given some turned up as Wikimedians were packing up on the last day , some still lack freely-licensed photographs for their Wikipedia entries .
In a public resignation from the paper published on the openDemocracy website on Tuesday , the veteran journalist and columnist alleges the division between advertising and editorial had not been kept watertight and that editors were committing a form of `` fraud '' on readers of the newspaper .
Tension between members of different religions has increased recently .
Therefore , during a second pregnancy a woman would be described as gravida 2 , para 1 and upon live delivery as gravida 2 , para 2 .
This project was motivated in part by Leibniz 's belief , shared by many conservative philosophers and theologians during the Enlightenment , in the rational and enlightened nature of the Christian religion as compared to its purportedly less advanced non-Western counterparts .
Iranian -- Syrian relations are rooted in common strategic interests rather than in assumptions about US imperialism , or the role of the UN sanctions .
Blatter also said he has n't the authority to prevent the Palestinian motion from moving forward and `` it is a very unusual and very serious matter '' .
In addition , because the potential liability from a nuclear accident is so great , the full cost of liability insurance is generally limited/capped by the government , which the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission concluded constituted a significant subsidy .
The base of the North Col Formation is a regional low-angle normal fault called the `` Lhotse detachment '' .
Since the beginning of the hunger strike , about 80 of them are being treated in hospitals , some facing severe health risks .
Fascist leaders such as Mussolini and Hitler spoke of the need to create a new managerial elite led by engineers and captains of industry -- but free from the parasitic leadership of industries .
Despite this polarized status , a high-contrast monochrome graphic of Che 's face , created in 1968 by Irish artist Jim Fitzpatrick , became a universally merchandized and objectified image , found on an endless array of items , including T-shirts , hats , posters , tattoos , and bikinis , ironically contributing to the consumer culture Guevara despised .
People eat together , and the kitchen is maintained and serviced by Sikhs .
The bony labyrinth refers to the bony compartment which contains the membranous labyrinth , contained within the temporal bone .
On 7 January 1904 Joyce attempted to publish A Portrait of the Artist , an essay-story dealing with aesthetics , only to have it rejected by the free-thinking magazine Dana .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- Jordan Mornout : You ended up losing your first campaign when you sought the nomination for Indiana 's Secretary of State in 2002 .
The men , on Saturday filed in to the court room with their faces covered , and are next expected to be back in court for a hearing on Monday for the formal start of the trial .
Most axial resistors use a pattern of colored stripes to indicate resistance , which also indicate tolerance , and may also be extended to show temperature coefficient and reliability class .
She described her intentions for the California legislature : `` I am committed to continuing that fight in Sacramento , working to protect our environment , ensure our access to health care , and create the jobs that are desperately needed .
These would all be transported by train to extermination camps -LRB- Vernichtungslager -RRB- in Poland , where almost all of them would be gassed at once .
This method is based on explicit consent rather than true compulsory jurisdiction .
On finding alternate means to dispose of the carcass , Wayne Ledwell , a member of Newfoundland 's Whale Release and Strandings , suggested the whale be towed out to a remote area .
The researchers showed that the heat waste collection engine caused a decrease in the car 's emissions , including a decrease of carbon monoxide and nitrous oxide emissions by more than 50 % , the fuel efficiency increasing by 20 % .
A fire Friday night and Saturday morning caused major damage to the Institute of Scientific Information on Social Sciences in Moscow , Russia .
On her twitter account , CBC news producer Leslie Stojsic gave a conflicting statement to other reports on Mitchell 's condition , saying , `` Source tells me she 's in hospital recovering after ` minor medical emergency , ' was * not * found unconscious . ''
To assist in the quick expansion of the state , the Byzantine and the Persian tax collection systems were maintained and the people paid a poll tax lower than the one imposed under the Byzantines and the Persians .
Kerry himself is expected to arrive during this week to Israel to promote the peace talks .
General Walters was struck by de Gaulle 's `` unconditional support '' of the United States during that `` crucial time '' .
His remains were found along the bottom of the lake at 11:53 pm .
It 's tit for tat , and both sides either maintain the balance or one or the other loses face .
The first sinkhole measured around twenty metres across and ten metres deep , while the second sinkhole was much smaller , measuring around two metres across .
Alex Millington opened University 's scoring with a penalty goal of his own .
On Twitter the hashtag #AlwaysInOurHeartsZaynMalik was created and 48,000 comments were left on the statement posted by the band on Facebook .
There are also low levels of support for arming the rebels .
Sweden was rich in copper , thus , because of copper 's low value , extraordinarily big coins -LRB- often weighing several kilograms -RRB- had to be made .
Nawaz Sharif , the prime minister of Pakistan , said BJP had won an `` impressive victory '' .
In the latter part of the 16th century and the beginning of the 17th , careful study of animals commenced and was gradually extended until it formed a sufficient body of knowledge to serve as an anatomical basis for classification .
In December 1865 , Ludwig was finally forced to ask the composer to leave Munich .
Friedrich Engels , in Socialism : Utopian and Scientific , argued that state-owned enterprises would characterize the final stage of capitalism , consisting of ownership and management of large-scale production and communication by the bourgeois state .
A trip to Mercury requires more rocket fuel than that required to escape the Solar System completely .
Cirriform clouds have three non-convective species that can form in mostly stable airmass conditions .
The latest attack on the UN comes as a US government official called their current investigation `` too late to be credible . ''
The new group has deepened the work of Don Salvador in the double mixture of the bar with the Brazilian samba funk of the American Quaternary , based on the dynamics of implementation , driven by drums and bass .
Cook 's journal recorded the date of the goat 's death : 28 March 1772 .
Keenly aware of the need to seize the initiative and to get the process under firm judicial control , de Gaulle appointed Justice Minister François de Menthon to lead the Legal Purge -LRB- Épuration légale -RRB- to punish traitors and to clear away the traces of the Vichy regime .
The fuselage typically also carries a tail or empennage for stability and control , and an undercarriage for takeoff and landing .
No snow arrived until late in the afternoon , where there was limited accumulation .
Two three-point field goals from the Netherlands ' Inge Huitzing nearly leveled the score .
The Navy once operated some of the most powerful warships in the world with the two Minas Geraes-class dreadnoughts , which sparked a South American dreadnought race between Argentina , Brazil , and Chile .
The harms caused by inhalation of poisonous chemicals such as Carbon Monoxide in tobacco smoke include diseases affecting the heart and lungs , with smoking being a major risk factor for heart attacks , strokes , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- emphysema -RRB- , and cancer -LRB- particularly lung cancer , cancers of the larynx and mouth , and pancreatic cancers -RRB- .
Passenger transport , or travel , is divided into public and private transport .
Several animal phyla are recognized for their lack of bilateral symmetry , and are thought to have diverged from other animals early in evolution .
Nonhuman communication also include cell signaling , cellular communication , and chemical transmissions between primitive organisms like bacteria and within the plant and fungal kingdoms .
The 1998 expedition was dropped by parachute and completed the track to the North Pole .
Gould said there is a weekly video conference with the players .
McAlpine sketched out the movement 's hopes and plans .
Canberra fell apart a bit , with Cosier turning over the ball and Bibby missing a pass because she was out of position .
MM : From the beginning we wanted to go for a very fast rotating sphere to test the limits of transfer of angular momentum of light .
Napoleon made some of the first efforts at establishing a system of secular and public education .
MacAskill noted `` the kind of issue that publicity might raise may become apparent only during the trial itself . ''
Verdi himself , following his mother , always celebrated his birthday on 9 October .
He later said the team has representatives from ten regions of the country , including the western Russian parts .
Sarvis : Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
This clock could not contain a pendulum , which would be virtually useless on a rocking ship .
His paper Experiments on Colour laid out the principles of colour combination and was presented to the Royal Society of Edinburgh in March 1855 .
Back in 2009 he was sued by his former General Manager Elgin Baylor who criticised Sterling 's attitude and quoted him as saying `` I 'm offering you good money for a poor black kid '' when negotiating a contract with Danny Manning .
A decree in April 1919 resulted in the establishment of concentration camps , which were entrusted to the Cheka , although they were later administered by a new government agency , Gulag .
Heavier-than-air types are characterised by one or more wings and a central fuselage .
A priori knowledge is often contrasted with posteriori knowledge , which is knowledge gained by experience .
After the discovery and excavation of these monuments and associated stone slabs by Russian archaeologists in the wider area surrounding the Orkhon Valley between 1889 and 1893 , it became established that the language on the inscriptions was the Old Turkic language written using the Old Turkic alphabet , which has also been referred to as `` Turkic runes '' or `` runiform '' due to a superficial similarity to the Germanic runic alphabets .
The `` Dalí -- Joies '' -LRB- `` The Jewels of Dalí '' -RRB- collection can be seen at the Dalí Theater Museum in Figueres , Catalonia , Spain , where it is on permanent exhibition .
Last Saturday in Mt. Pleasant , South Carolina , Assistant U.S. Attorney Alston Badger died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound .
While Rice has left her career plans unanswered , she hopes to use her popularity with the Australian public as a platform to something else .
This name , Assuwa , has been suggested as the origin for the name of the continent `` Asia '' .
Many mathematicians talk about the elegance of mathematics , its intrinsic aesthetics and inner beauty .
A complex number is a number that can be expressed in the form a + bi , where a and b are real numbers and i is the imaginary unit , satisfying the equation i2 = − 1 .
Another student of Wundt , Edward Titchener , created the psychology program at Cornell University and advanced a doctrine of `` structuralist '' psychology .
As a successful artist , Leonardo was given permission to dissect human corpses at the Hospital of Santa Maria Nuova in Florence and later at hospitals in Milan and Rome .
Bracing not only strengthens the top against potential collapse due to the stress exerted by the tensioned strings , but also affects the resonance characteristics of the top .
Currently in the United States , females academically outperform their male counterparts in all academic areas including -LSB- -LSB- mathematics | math -RSB- and science .
However , she criticised the sentences given , saying `` they are getting off lightly -- life imprisonment should mean life .
The UN 's most prominent officer is the Secretary-General , an office held by Portuguese António Guterres since 2017 .
Three fire service tanker vehicles attended the scene , but used up all their water supplies .
In fact , chelicerates ' only appendages ahead of the mouth are a pair of chelicerae , and they lack anything that would function directly as `` jaws '' .
In Reserve grade Noosa defeated Maleny 29 points to 3 after leading 17 -- 3 at half time .
Firearms became increasingly important and effective during the 16th century to 19th century , with progressive improvements in ignition mechanisms followed by revolutionary changes in ammunition handling and propellant .
However , the Liberal Democrats lost 49 of their 56 seats in the 2015 general election , with their review of the result concluding that a number of policy reversals were responsible for their poor electoral performance .
Beyrer told the Indianapolis Star , however , that temporary measures , like the one Pence implemented on March 26 , do n't solve the long-term problem .
Any definition must be general enough to both encompass all known life and any unknown life that may be different from life on Earth .
Strapping down and feeding laxatives to detainees , while force-feeding , is also alleged .
For this reason , there are teams of meteorologists that move into the path of tropical cyclones to help evaluate their strength at the point of landfall .
According to Regino of Prüm , the parts of the realm `` spewed forth kinglets '' , and each part elected a kinglet `` from its own bowels '' .
The resulting networks of strands produced by these two proteins are known as gluten .
They stayed through 1968 , and 200 pilots were reported to have served .
A `` Greater Israel '' promised by God is generally considered off limits in civic discourse inside Israel .
According to an 1890 diagram of the firm 's new , 17th floor space atop the Auditorium Building , Wright soon earned a private office next to Sullivan 's own .
McGovern 's 1972 running mate was originally Thomas Eagleton , however , due to revelations about Eagleton 's psychiatric past , he was replaced by Sargent Shriver .
Brahms 's parents disapproved of his early efforts as a composer , feeling that he had better career prospects as a performer .
Compared to 2010 , the nuclear industry produced 11 % less electricity in 2012 .
While he was not willing to acknowledge that only abandonment of the GLF could solve these problems , he did strongly demand that they be addressed .
The torrid summer weather and the lack of facilities near the site also presented difficulties .
By the eleventh century , some Hausa states -- such as Kano , jigawa , Katsina , and Gobir -- had developed into walled towns engaging in trade , servicing caravans , and the manufacture of goods .
London , England -- Last night at London 's Paralympic Basketball Arena , the Brazil women 's national wheelchair basketball team kept it close in a game with the Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team before losing 52 -- 50 to Australia .
This explains why , for example , the New World Symphony was originally published as No. 5 , was later known as No. 8 , and definitively renumbered as No. 9 in the critical editions published in the 1950s .
Key acts included British Invasion bands like the Who and the Kinks , as well as psychedelic era performers like Cream , Jimi Hendrix and the Jeff Beck Group .
Chess is believed to have originated in Eastern India , c. 280 -- 550 , in the Gupta Empire , where its early form in the 6th century was known as chaturaṅga -LRB- Sanskrit : चतुरङ्ग -RRB- , literally four divisions -LSB- of the military -RSB- -- infantry , cavalry , elephants , and chariotry , represented by the pieces that would evolve into the modern pawn , knight , bishop , and rook , respectively .
The operation in the Anbar province seeks to cut off Islamic State supply routes to prepare the way for the recapture of Ramadi .
Clerical notary Nicolas Bailly , who was commissioned to collect testimony against Joan , could find no adverse evidence .
London , England -- Greece defeated Portugal on Tuesday in the boccia BC3 pairs gold medal match , by four points to one .
A multi-domed style derived from Seljuk architecture is that of the Ulu Camii , or Great Mosque , which consists of a number of domes of the same size supported by pillars .
MacNeil said he was `` disappointed '' about the move and claimed Comhairle nan Eilean Siar was `` axing these services while pocketing the cash '' provided to them by the Scottish Government .
Marguerite and Amélie often served as models for Matisse .
A contemporary Arab historian remarked :
On May 15 , 1954 , a shipment of Škoda infantry and light artillery weapons was dispatched from Communist Czechoslovakia for the Arbenz Government and arrived in Puerto Barrios .
Winners of their group , Australia have never taken the gold in wheelchair basketball ; their opponents , Mexico , were previously ranked ninth at the opening of the tournament , so making it thus-far boosts their ranking to eighth .
After the plan is finalised , activity in different bioregions may become limited based on particular threats an activity may pose .
Fellow founding member Don Drakulich , who still makes props and costumes for the rockers , said he was `` very sad '' and `` shocked '' .
Nonetheless , Planck refrained from the extremes of nationalism .
The man subsequently died .
Show Racism the Red Card would argue that these practices caricature and exoticise differences which could lead to discrimination . ''
Despite its international popularity , in a separate interview with Reuters earlier in August , Park Jae-Sang said `` Gangnam Style '' -- a satire of consumerist aspects of the Gangnam District of the South Korean capital of Seoul -- `` never targeted foreign countries .
The United States 's Jen Armbruster scored all three of the United States goals , one of them coming off a penalty shot .
In nearby Larantuka , Portuguese is used for prayers in Holy Week rituals .
Our first question will come from Jordan .
Paper made from wood pulp became popular in the early 20th century , because it was cheaper than linen or abaca cloth-based papers .
Everyone there wants to go back to single class basketball .
In addition to these four tools , desk pads and paperweights are also used .
The attackers gained entry to the school and started throwing bombs .
It was almost unquestioningly accepted from the 5th to the 16th centuries that Paul was the author of Hebrews , but that view is now almost universally rejected by scholars .
Four decades later , in 1846 , the Pacific would become the western border of the United States .
Wikinews noted one of the Gliders , Amber Merritt , had her arm in a sling .
In Persian mythology , two four-eyed dogs guard the Chinvat Bridge .
One of the visitors told Abraham that upon his return next year , Sarah would have a son .
Researchers from Australia , Denmark , Germany , Norway , United Kingdom , and the United States conducted lead concentration measurements of sixteen ice core samples , and found that industrial air pollution has persisted Antarctica since its arrival there in 1889 and remains significant in the current century .
Another building demonstrating this style is the church of St. Andrew in Mantua , built by Alberti .
Increased concentration levels of cortisol have been associated with significant increases in gonadotrophin levels and lowered progestin levels .
For example , a dagger made of meteoric iron was found in the tomb of Tutankhamun , containing similar proportions of iron , cobalt , and nickel to a meteorite discovered in the area , deposited by an ancient meteor shower .
However , such measurements are highly susceptible to systematic errors , and a subsequent paper has found no evidence for such correlations in seven other isotopes -LRB- 22Na , 44Ti , 108Ag , 121Sn , 133Ba , 241Am , 238Pu -RRB- , and sets upper limits on the size of any such effects .
Earlier during the week Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi provided his warm greeting to Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and leaders of other nations in the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation who are taking part in the 2015 Cricket World Cup .
A priori knowledge is a way of gaining knowledge without the need of experience .
Meanwhile , thirteen Israeli soldiers were killed Sunday , including two soldiers who were United States citizens .
Akin 's comments soon gained national notoriety , with numerous politicians condemning his comments .
Therefore , they only paid for policing for the protection of their property .
Luz is the seat of the Santos-Jundiaí line which historically transported international immigrants from the Santos port to São Paulo and the coffee plantation lands in the Western region of Campinas .
The story was very different in the women 's competition , where the Australian women 's team , known as the Hockeyroos , were the underdogs , having not made a final in the World Cup or the Olympic Games since 2006 .
This announcement follows a similar cancellation of a planned fuel duty rise in the Chancellor 's March Budget which would have come into force in September .
Jurors in the US federal criminal trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev found him guilty yesterday of all 30 charges for the bombing of the Boston Marathon which occurred on April 15 , 2013 .
Due to these details , the lack of autopsy , her previous suicide attempt , and the contents of her diary , Herrera has argued that Kahlo had , in fact , committed suicide .
First , they stay indoors more due to decreased activity levels .
Mario : Which is how were going to turn this into a business , which is how were going to turn this into a money making venture .
Although , slaves were mostly used as indentured servants .
Museum Mile is the name for a section of Fifth Avenue running from 82nd to 105th streets on the Upper East Side of Manhattan , in an area sometimes called Upper Carnegie Hill .
Mike Delph : Well that was ultimately adjudicated by the military .
His lectures were normally very popular and were often held in the Botanical Garden .
I was astounded at this statement , and Eisenhower was clearly moved by his unexpected expression of unconditional support '' .
Tank design during the Cold War built on this foundation and included improvements to fire control , gyroscopic gun stabilisation , communications -LRB- primarily radio -RRB- and crew comfort and saw the introduction of laser rangefinders and infrared night vision equipment .
In 1832 , at age 23 , Lincoln and a partner bought a small general store on credit in New Salem , Illinois .
The title concealed the reality that Mahler was subordinate to the theatre 's Kapellmeister , Wilhelm Treiber , who disliked him and set out to make his life miserable .
Near the base of the north side of Everest lies Rongbuk Monastery , which has been called the `` sacred threshold to Mount Everest , with the most dramatic views of the world . ''
The second half was more of an arm wrestle with both teams scoring tries .
Italy 's closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union , with whom it conducts about 59 % of its total trade .
-LRB- See non-decimal currencies for other historic currencies with non-decimal divisions . -RRB-
Use of dogs as pack animals in these cultures often persisted after the introduction of the horse to North America .
The other target is South Korean citizens who have been increasingly agitated about the possession of WMDs by its Northern counterpart and want to see some guarantee from their own government .
We are a generous , compassionate , bold and joyful people who say yes to inclusion , yes to generosity , yes to love , yes to gay marriage . ''
A variation on a 12C-based definition proposes to define the Avogadro constant as being precisely 84,446,8893 -LRB- ≈ 7023602214162000000 ♠ 6.02214162 × 1023 -RRB- atoms .
He told a government inquiry , `` There are no powerful groups in society that can come along to governments or anybody and say ` we can do what we like when we like and there 's nothing you should do about it ' . ''
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office said they too were looking into the incident .
Below the six organs sit , in the words of the author Linda Fasulo , `` an amazing collection of entities and organizations , some of which are actually older than the UN itself and operate with almost complete independence from it '' .
Aleksandr Misurkin is making his maiden trip into space aboard the mission .
From July 1922 , intellectuals deemed to be opposing the Bolshevik government were exiled to inhospitable regions or deported from Russia altogether ; Lenin personally scrutinised the lists of those to be dealt with in this manner .
The various participants are not considered performers , but rather possessed by the gods and spirits in question .
In the case of a jet engine , a fixed imaginary boundary might be assumed at the intake of the engine , fixed boundaries along the surface of the case and a second fixed imaginary boundary across the exhaust nozzle .
Wagnerian themes inhabit T. S. Eliot 's The Waste Land , which contains lines from Tristan und Isolde and Götterdämmerung and Verlaine 's poem on Parsifal .
It appears that decreasing specific humidity instead of temperature changes has caused the shrinkage of the slope glaciers since the late 19th century .
The Portuguese language is also the only Romance language that developed the clitic case mesoclisis : cf. dar-te-ei -LRB- I 'll give thee -RRB- , amar-te-ei -LRB- I 'll love you -RRB- , contactá-los-ei -LRB- I 'll contact them -RRB- .
He suggested that no transits had been observed either because planets such as Mercury were too small to see , or because the transits were too infrequent .
Traditional chemistry starts with the study of elementary particles , atoms , molecules , substances , metals , crystals and other aggregates of matter .
Matisse 's wife Amélie , who suspected that he was having an affair with her young Russian emigre companion , Lydia Delectorskaya , ended their 41-year marriage in July , 1939 , dividing their possessions equally between them .
And we had gotten to know each other , and he found out that I had served as an international election observer with the International Republican Institute in Nicaragua in 1996 and then in Mongolia in 2000 .
The production staff along with popular media personalities are publicly questioning the efficiency of the merge , as both titles have distinctly different audiences ; with Dolly aiming at teenager readers and Cleo at women in their 20s and 30s .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- Russian President Vladimir Putin has said Russia could back Syrian intervention if there was conclusive proof of regime guilt .
Many countries have experienced falling church attendance and membership in recent years .
But we need to have a complete understanding of what is happening , '' said newly sworn-in FAA Administrator Michael P. Huerta .
Steam-hauled public railways began with the Stockton and Darlington Railway in 1825 .
State authorities refused to identify the supplier of the pentobarbital used yesterday , which replaces stocks of execution drugs that expired last month .
And also the gay marriage stuff -- there are a lot of Conservatives out there who , perhaps , were not necessarily in support of it all and so feel rather bitter about that .
Modi said his government means to achieve Indian defense manufacturing self-reliance .
In 1889 Tesla moved out of the Liberty Street shop Peck and Brown had rented and for the next dozen years would work out of a series of workshop/laboratory spaces in Manhattan .
Diamond prospectors continue to search the globe for diamond-bearing kimberlite and lamproite pipes .
The violence erupted at Twin Peaks Sports Bar and Grill inside a shopping mall in Waco .
In patients first diagnosed with metastatic disease , palliative care may be immediately indicated .
Nkrumah hesitated , realising the UGCC was controlled by conservative interests , but decided that the new post gave him huge political opportunities , and accepted .
She proposed an alliance , something which she had refused to do when offered one by Feodor 's father , but was turned down .
In an interview with the St. Louis television station KTVI-TV on Sunday , Akin said : `` Well you know , people always want to try to make that as one of those things , well how do you , how do you slice this particularly tough sort of ethical question .
This deposition of complement can also kill cells directly by disrupting their plasma membrane .
The ambassador has been able to speak to the victim and her partner and has assured them of all possible support .
Balsican also noted that poor infrastructure may also have a negative impact although spending on infrastructure , which may cost nearly $ 200 million in investment , may contribute to growth .
Bach 's cantatas vary greatly in form and instrumentation , including those for solo singers , single choruses , small instrumental groups , and grand orchestras .
Accompanied by those officials , he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public 's safety .
Mountain bikes generally feature a ` straight handlebar ' or ` riser bar ' with varying degrees of sweep backwards and centimeters rise upwards , as well as wider widths which can provide better handling due to increased leverage against the wheel .
Crown Office , which is in overall charge of prosecutions , has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until indictment .
Kalla further argues that this branch was not known outside of Kashmir at that time .
The Whitehouse stated that President Barack Obama `` raised serious concern about the growing number of casualties , including increasing Palestinian civilian deaths in Gaza and the loss of Israeli soldiers . ''
The meeting was dominated with local musicians ' complaints over the `` zero tolerance '' policy Edinburgh is viewed as having adopted towards amplified music .
Smoking , however , is highly addictive , and many smokers need further support .
Amniotic eggs , however , have internal membranes that allow the developing embryo to breathe but keep water in .
We just want to be able to bring , like she said , bring light into the entertainment and into the media industry , specifically is what we do .
Séguier was the person who had interrogated Anne in 1637 , treating her like a `` common criminal '' as she described her treatment following the discovery that she was giving military secrets and information to Spain .
He said he has been in contact with both German Chancellor Angela Merkel and King Felipe VI of Spain , the later of whom cancelled the remainder of his state visit to France .
As a Paralympic sport , it is played by people with cerebral palsy and similar locomotor conditions ; players are divided into four different classifications based upon their functional ability .
Best known for an interview with former President Richard Nixon following the Watergate scandal , Frost died on Saturday night aboard the Queen Elizabeth cruise ship , where he was due to give a speech .
He did successfully lobby for improved lighting within the statue , allowing visitors to better appreciate Eiffel 's design .
All vehicles entering the hospital in Pretoria where Mandela is being treated are being searched by police officers .
The early Empire was monetized to a near-universal extent , in the sense of using money as a way to express prices and debts .
Very little further erosion takes place after the formation of a pavement , and the ground becomes stable .
He also reiterated previous accusations against Sudan of also trying to supply the rebels .
Some of Cook 's remains , thus preserved , were eventually returned to his crew for a formal burial at sea .
Among those killed in were Rosenberg , president and CEO of clinical research firm Health Decisions ; 36-year-old Marie Gemmell ; and her two sons , Cole and Devon .
The Philippines and China are involved in a variety of disputes in the South China Sea along with Taiwan and ASEAN members Brunei , Malaysia , and Vietnam .
Virus self-assembly within host cells has implications for the study of the origin of life , as it may support the hypothesis that life could have started as self-assembling organic molecules .
Atheism in the 20th century , particularly in the form of practical atheism , advanced in many societies .
Hitler 's Gift : The True Story of the Scientists Expelled by the Nazi Regime -LRB- Paperback -RRB- .
According to The Guardian , in-between songs U2 's lead singer Bono reflected on Sheehan 's life to the audience , saying how he was family to the band .
The OC Weekly website reported last week that your running mate , Judge Jim Gray remarked during an appearance at Tulane University that you two plan to run again in 2016 .
El Mahroug admits having received thousands of euros from Berlusconi .
Toads opened the scoring in the second half at three minutes with a converted try .
The 71-year-old died this morning at at 4:30 am Portuguese time -LRB- 0430 UTC -RRB- in Lisbon of a heart attack .
The two papers were again fined after Dominic Grieve told the High Court in London of an `` avalanche '' of `` seriously prejudicial '' stories .
CNN reported over a hundred captives had been abducted during a Boko Haram attack on a village by Lake Chad on the night of Sunday to Monday last week .
In Hinduism , Truth is defined as `` unchangeable '' , `` that which has no distortion '' , `` that which is beyond distinctions of time , space , and person '' , `` that which pervades the universe in all its constancy '' .
Gold alloys are used in restorative dentistry , especially in tooth restorations , such as crowns and permanent bridges .
How did you decide to home educate your children ?
Each of these regimes witnessed deliberately ordered mass ` cleansing ' and extermination .
Conceptually , `` mass '' -LRB- measured in kilograms -RRB- refers to an intrinsic property of an object , whereas `` weight '' -LRB- measured in newtons -RRB- measures an object 's resistance to deviating from its natural course of free fall , which can be influenced by the nearby gravitational field .
Douglas Mark Hughes , a mailman for the United States Postal Service , landed his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday .
I feel like it kind of depends on each person , as to what they want to do with it .
The dominant classification system is called Linnaean taxonomy .
Neurons were found to be capable of producing regular sequences of action potentials , or sequences of bursts , even in complete isolation .
We need to take stock of what local businesses we have left and say , how can we ensure they stay with us ? ''
One key effort is to reduce exposure to smoke from cooking and heating fuels through improved ventilation of homes and better stoves and chimneys .
Other medical specialties may employ surgical procedures , such as ophthalmology and dermatology , but are not considered surgical sub-specialties per se .
The period between the year 1000 and 1300 is known as the High Middle Ages , during which the population of Europe experienced significant growth , culminating in the Renaissance of the 12th century .
Several methods for identifying synthetic diamonds can be performed , depending on the method of production and the color of the diamond .
42 % worked in 100 -- 1,000 worker enterprises , 18 % in 1 -- 100 worker businesses -LRB- in the USA , 1914 , the figures were 18 , 47 and 35 respectively -RRB- .
India and Pakistan often imprison each other 's fisherman for violating the maritime border .
In another instance of defiance , Guevara spat in the face of Bolivian Rear Admiral Ugarteche , who attempted to question Guevara a few hours before his execution .
The effect is to stress the duration of Sanshiro 's departure .
He also issued an executive order which allows pharmacists to administer flu vaccinations to patients between six months and 18 years of age .
Australia gave Canada ten attempts to make free throws , with Canada capitalizing on this to score 7 points .
Brazil entered into a small conflict with a Bolivia for the possession of the Acre , which was acquired by Brazil in 1902 .
A capacitor is an electrical device that can store energy in the electric field between a pair of closely spaced conductors -LRB- called ` plates ' -RRB- .
The Royal Artillery fired the 19-gun salute due a head of government , and the RAF staged a fly-by of sixteen English Electric Lightning fighters .
Some European rulers , including Catherine II of Russia , Joseph II of Austria and Frederick II of Prussia , tried to apply Enlightenment thought on religious and political tolerance , which became known as enlightened absolutism .
Johnson has made 105 appearances for Sunderland having previously played for Middlesbrough , Leeds United , and Manchester City .
The bot had previously come close to beating the Turing test on several occasions ; it has been a three-time runner-up for the Loebner Prize , and it won a Turing contest at Bletchley Park in 2012 , held to mark the 100th anniversary of Turing 's birth .
The rent dispute involved $ 315,060.70 of rent for months of September 2012 to January 2013 unpaid to the landlord , Fourteen Sails Pty Ltd. .
The first reversal came on December 19 , 2011 , when the appellate court reinstated Wells Fargo as a defendant .
The users can transfer data to an Android phone using a touch-card to make it available online .
An ineffectual start led to the conclusion that deeper structural changes were necessary and in June 1987 Gorbachev announced an agenda of economic reform called perestroika , or restructuring .
To determine the rate equation for a particular system one combines the reaction rate with a mass balance for the system .
In the first quarter of 2014 , the average weekly wage in New York County -LRB- Manhattan -RRB- was $ 2,749 , representing the highest total among large counties in the United States .
Although minute quantities of some transuranic elements occur naturally , they were all first discovered in laboratories .
During the Thirty Years ' War , the Duke of Bavaria was given the right to vote as the eighth elector , and the Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg -LRB- colloquially , Hanover -RRB- was granted a ninth electorate ; additionally , the Napoleonic Wars resulted in several electorates being reallocated , but these new electors never voted before the Empire 's dissolution .
Wikimedians are memorializing her on her Wikipedia talk page , which is adorned with a picture of a funerary arrangement of flowers .
They also tried to shut off German wireless communication to and from the US by having the US Marconi Company sue the German radio company Telefunken for patent infringement .
In recent years , around 250 thousand Czech students signed a petition asking the Nobel Peace Prize for Winton , who has been nicknamed by media `` British Oskar Schindler '' .
People outside the United States ask : `` Why do n't you acknowledge them ?
-LRB- -LRB- Wikinews -RRB- -RRB- There are suggestions China wants to maintain its financial ties with Syria as its third largest importer in 2010 .
High speed contributed to the crash , investigators with the state highway patrol reported .
`` Flowers attract weaver ants that deter less effective pollinators '' -- Wiley Online Library , October 29 , 2012
Authorities recovered 71.7 g of the drug from the suspects .
`` They offer hope and a sense of community to young people with cancer like myself , and directly help face associated pragmatic and emotional issues . ''
In addition to increasing the level of lactic acid , strenuous exercise causes the loss of potassium ions in muscle and causing an increase in potassium ion concentrations close to the muscle fibres , in the interstitium .
Of the near 2,000 people who received the death sentence from the courts , fewer than 800 were executed .
Wine sauce is an example of a culinary sauce that uses wine as a primary ingredient .
The former priest alleges O'Brien approached him inappropriately when he was a seminarian at St Andrew 's College in Drygrange in 1980 .
In FIBA , a foul resulting in ejection is called a disqualifying foul , while in leagues other than the NBA , such a foul is referred to as flagrant .
The new government enforced new reforms , incorporating the region into France itself .
Think about the session we 've just had -LSB- ... -RSB- -- that was a complex conversation to have with no preparation , this was n't discussed for a lot of weeks in advance or something , and even the size we already have now was too big ; we were broken into groups , to come out with something and then try and mash it together , which was an effective way to do it .
Many species produce metabolites that are major sources of pharmacologically active drugs .
For axiomatic treatment of thermodynamic equilibrium , since the 1930s , it has become customary to refer to a zeroth law of thermodynamics .
-LSB- ... -RSB- We wanted to find a way to communicate an idea of a politics which work for all the people who those politics seek to govern , not just a few of them .
Judo -LRB- 柔道 , jūdō , meaning `` gentle way '' -RRB- was created as a physical , mental and moral pedagogy in Japan , in 1882 , by Jigoro Kano -LRB- 嘉納治五郎 -RRB- .
The Ottomans ended the Byzantine Empire with the 1453 conquest of Constantinople by Mehmed the Conqueror .
An `` ideal beauty '' is an entity which is admired , or possesses features widely attributed to beauty in a particular culture , for perfection .
Blatter called his efforts `` a mission of peace '' .
Aitchison 's death was caused by him being stabbed twenty times , as well as being hit with a bottle and stomped on his head .
That same year , the newest Jamaican sound began to spawn big-name imitators in other countries .
As heirs of the Enlightenment , liberals believed that any given social and political order emanated from human interactions , not from divine will .
The most well-known example is Angulimala in the Theravadan Pali canon who had killed 999 people and then attempted to kill his own mother and the Buddha , but under the influence of the Buddha he repented and entered the monkhood .
It is dependent on Russia 's reaction -- so far , Moscow has been able to pressure the US into caution , but a decision for intervention by the US might call Russia 's bluff , so to speak , and force some caution by the Russians .
The Taliban acknowledged the attack and praised it , but did not claim responsibility for it .
Retail organizations contend that such taxes discourage retail sales .
This provided incentives for imperial and colonial powers to obtain `` information to fill in blank spaces on contemporary maps '' .
Elements with similar chemical properties generally fall into the same group in the periodic table , although in the f-block , and to some respect in the d-block , the elements in the same period tend to have similar properties , as well .
Dozens of homes have been built over the mine since its closure .
Stomata are absent from liverworts , but occur on the sporangia of mosses and hornworts , allowing gas exchange while controlling water loss .
Shuffle rhythm is often vocalized as `` dow , da dow , da dow , da '' or `` dump , da dump , da dump , da '' : it consists of uneven , or `` swung '' , eighth notes .
The main priority of it is to create something unique , to express yourself in some way , and that 's the most important aspect of it .
The Eastern Catholic Churches share common patrimony and liturgical rites as their counterparts , including Eastern Orthodox and other Eastern Christian churches who are no longer in communion with the Holy See .
Qatar has previously backed the Muslim Brotherhood , a group reported to have ties with the militants in Tripoli .
The government ordered 4,000 policemen to monitor the surrounding area around the plant site .
One of the first day 's MEPs to introduce themselves to the visiting Wikimedians was Christian Engström ; delivering copies of his book , The Case for Copyright Reform , co-authored with Swedish Pirate Party founder Rickard Falkvinge .
Graf was yelling at her team to push down the court , and Hunt did , scoring 2 points to put her team ahead by 13 .
According to the reports , U.S. transport planes have been arriving within 100 miles of Syria in Cyprus .
According to technological weblog Gizmodo , reports have emerged of the .
The villa by contrast was an escape from the bustle of the city , and in literature represents a lifestyle that balances the civilized pursuit of intellectual and artistic interests -LRB- otium -RRB- with an appreciation of nature and the agricultural cycle .
Following Lenin 's death , a power struggle began , which involved the following seven Politburo members : Nikolai Bukharin , Lev Kamenev , Alexei Rykov , Joseph Stalin , Mikhail Tomsky , Leon Trotsky , and Grigory Zinoviev .
JC : Very difficult to say -- although , as capital of Wessex , Winchester would be the obvious place .
MacAskill however expressed confidence in the Scottish court system to deal with the situation .
Akbar was impressed by the scholastic qualities and character of the Acharya .
Both types induce immunity to polio , efficiently blocking person-to-person transmission of wild poliovirus , thereby protecting both individual vaccine recipients and the wider community -LRB- so-called herd immunity -RRB- .
Blues shuffles or walking bass reinforce the trance-like rhythm and call-and-response , and they form a repetitive effect called a groove .
A handful of opponents of the Bill spoke during the debate including Lord Cormack , who said : `` Those who support the Bill have won ; there is no doubt about that .
Pulp-based paper made books less expensive to the general public .
Israeli army spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Peter Lerner said after the incident , `` A number of terrorists came out of the ocean and attacked the base with Kalashnikov rifles and hand grenades '' .
Normal flight rules call for the aircraft being level , not tilted , when this switch is made .
Some of these are of women held in servitude -LRB- as study of the society implied by the content reveals -RRB- .
The number of speakers grew rapidly over the next few decades , at first primarily in the Russian Empire and Central Europe , then in other parts of Europe , the Americas , China , and Japan .
A wedding takes place under a chuppah , or wedding canopy , which symbolizes a happy house .
The greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has conquered and expanded .
The first lunar night of the mission was weathered successfully but Chinese scientists suspected the rover had failed on the 25th when the second night rolled in .
In general , aspiration pneumonitis is treated conservatively with antibiotics indicated only for aspiration pneumonia .
Regarding breastfeeding capability after breast reduction surgery , studies reported that women who underwent breast reduction can retain the ability to nurse an infant child , when compared to women in a control group who underwent breast surgery using a modern pedicle surgical technique .
And I also addressed the whole tweet and where the information for that tweet came from .
Mario : Well , back in college , back in Collins College , Isabel and I , we had met like she said at Sandia View Academy , and we went off to college together in Arizona ; and ... -LRB- how do I best explain this ? -RRB-
One Bq is defined as one transformation -LRB- or decay or disintegration -RRB- per second .
Nonetheless , foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- , related to long-term , less speculative investment in production , is estimated to be $ 193.8 billion for 2007 .
According to Menéndez , with the help of a state plan , Venezuela intends to exploit its 40,000 million cubic meters or more of granite reserves , generating a set of factories . ''
He gave two piano concerts and received many favourable reviews -- in addition to some commenting -LRB- in Chopin 's own words -RRB- that he was `` too delicate for those accustomed to the piano-bashing of local artists '' .
These areas are referred to as ` slack water levels ' , often just called ` levels ' .
He became increasingly frustrated on this voyage , and perhaps began to suffer from a stomach ailment ; it has been speculated that this led to irrational behaviour towards his crew , such as forcing them to eat walrus meat , which they had pronounced inedible .
Following the breakup of Mali , a local leader named Sonni Ali -LRB- 1464 -- 1492 -RRB- founded the Songhai Empire in the region of middle Niger and the western Sudan and took control of the trans-Saharan trade .
One says the body of greater mass has greater inertia .
John Kirby , a State Department spokesman , said `` The secretary is stable and never lost consciousness , his injury is not life-threatening and he is expected to make a full recovery '' .
Medicine aims to sustain , repair , enhance and even replace functions of the human body , if necessary , through the use of technology .
Mario : You have to build your own platform .
These drugs have been explored as a means to help to reduce the pain and swelling of rheumatoid arthritis , and also -LRB- historically -RRB- against tuberculosis and some parasites .
Hamas Leader Khaled Mashal from his exile in Qatar told the BBC , `` We do n't want to be controlled by a border crossing that makes Gaza the biggest prison in the world '' .
People were encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and suggest what the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz .
Notable examples of the obsolete usage which have survived to the present day are military engineering corps , e.g. , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
Heterosis or hybrid vigor -LRB- as in the familiar F1 hybrids of maize -RRB- occurs in common -LRB- hexaploid -RRB- wheat , but it is difficult to produce seed of hybrid cultivars on a commercial scale as is done with maize because wheat flowers are perfect in the botanical sense , meaning they have both male and female parts , and normally self-pollinate .
However , these results `` should not deter people from eating other types of fruit and vegetables as they all have health benefits and remain an important part of a staple diet '' , according to Dr Clare Walton of The Stroke Association in the UK .
It did not take long for her condition in hospital to spread through the social media .
The combination of these processes recycles the oceanic crust back into the mantle .
These phases may occur in neutron stars but they are presently theoretical .
Victims ' relatives , and other bystanders , gathered at police cordons around the scene .
Ma'ariv , an Israeli daily newspaper , reports that according to a leaked US document John Kerry , the US Secretary of State , will describe Israel as a Jewish state in the outline document of the peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinian Authority -LRB- PA -RRB- , despite widespread Palestinian objection .
General Haftar threw his weight behind the forces from Zintan in May , with the central Government losing control of much of the country , now working from Tobruk away from the fighting .
In 2011 , Collins separated from his wife Miss America 1959 winner Mary Ann Mobley after 44 years .
Conservative MPs are to be given a free vote , but both Labour and Liberal Democrat MPs are broadly in support .
These works also provided one of the foundations for Isaac Newton 's theory of universal gravitation .
For distance education , help with homework and other assignments , self-guided learning , whiling away spare time , or just looking up more detail on an interesting fact , it has never been easier for people to access educational information at any level from anywhere .
Runestones attest to voyages to locations such as Bath , Greece , Khwaresm , Jerusalem , Italy -LRB- as Langobardland -RRB- , Serkland -LRB- i.e. the Muslim world -RRB- , England -LRB- including London -RRB- , and various places in Eastern Europe .
On Saturday , Discovery Science Place hosted a mini Maker Faire in Tyler , Texas .
Constantine also adopted Christianity which later became the official state religion of the empire .
This event may have contributed to Alexander 's failing health and detached mental state during his final months .
Zardari and Sharif differ in their position on capital punishment .
7.7 % were closed with non-monetary relief .
Labour leader Ed Miliband said : `` We would have a Queen 's Speech with legislation which would make work pay , reform our banks , freeze energy bills and build homes again in Britain .
Now , granted , Paralympic athletes do n't get $ 50,000 for a gold medal , or $ 10,000 for a bronze .
When the name Plantae or plant is applied to a specific group of organisms or taxon , it usually refers to one of four concepts .
Ghafoor played his entire career in Pakistan playing for the Dhaka Mohammedan Club .
Britain was again the beneficiary of peace treaties : France ceded the Ionian Islands , Malta -LRB- which it had occupied in 1797 and 1798 respectively -RRB- , Mauritius , Saint Lucia , and Tobago ; Spain ceded Trinidad ; the Netherlands Guyana , and the Cape Colony .
Farhi : The Sunni governments in the region are working hard to use sectarian tensions as an instrument to fan popular resentments , in the region , towards Shi'ite Iran .
Most species of bryophytes remain small throughout their life-cycle .
In sprouted and cooked form , the relative nutritional and anti-nutritional contents of each of these grains may be different from the values reported in this table .
Some plants reproduce sexually , some asexually , and some via both means .
Seen as a major step towards self-government , the new arrangement prompted the colony 's first true political party , founded in August 1947 , the United Gold Coast Convention -LRB- UGCC -RRB- .
Like them , the writer retains the sense of blasphemy held as a liturgical ritual .
A modern conception views the function of the nervous system partly in terms of stimulus-response chains , and partly in terms of intrinsically generated activity patterns -- both types of activity interact with each other to generate the full repertoire of behavior .
Twain and his family closed down their expensive Hartford home in response to the dwindling income and moved to Europe in June 1891 .
As the first Massachusetts Republican elected since Edward Brooke in 1972 , Brown gained a reputation in the Senate as a political moderate , stressing bipartisanship .
Polarstern again reached the pole exactly 10 years later with the Healy .
In Money and the Mechanism of Exchange -LRB- 1875 -RRB- , William Stanley Jevons famously analyzed money in terms of four functions : a medium of exchange , a common measure of value -LRB- or unit of account -RRB- , a standard of value -LRB- or standard of deferred payment -RRB- , and a store of value .
On December 11 , 1964 , during Guevara 's hour-long , impassioned address at the UN , he criticized the United Nations ' inability to confront the `` brutal policy of apartheid '' in South Africa , asking `` Can the United Nations do nothing to stop this ? ''
In both of these cases , the angle Mercury strikes with the ecliptic is maximized , allowing it to rise several hours before the Sun in the former instance and not set until several hours after sundown in the latter in countries located at southern temperate zone latitudes , such as Argentina and South Africa .
Benn grew up in London and was a pupil at Westminster School before studying politics , philosophy and economics at New College , Oxford .
I dropped everything .
In order to effectively illustrate the differences between the new Republic and the old regime , the leaders needed to implement a new set of symbols to be celebrated instead of the old religious and monarchical symbolism .
Sensation in the breast is provided by the peripheral nervous system innervation by means of the front -LRB- anterior -RRB- and side -LRB- lateral -RRB- cutaneous branches of the fourth - , fifth - , and sixth intercostal nerves .
Gary Collins was born on April 30 , 1938 in Venice , California .
Spain moved down the medal table after their medal favorite , Jon Santacana and guide Miguel Galindo Garcés , failed to finish his second run in the slalom .
Martelly appointed Lamothe in 2011 , the year after a major earthquake caused widespread devastation .
AM : I smashed out three spokes .
This morning European time , the Belgium men 's national goalball team departed for Espoo , Finland for the 2014 IBSA Goalball World Championships .
Rejecting or disproving the null hypothesis is done using statistical tests that quantify the sense in which the null can be proven false , given the data that are used in the test .
Earlier in the week , Unite general secretary Len McCluskey said `` the anti-Scottish card that was played by Lynton Crosby and the Conservatives '' had caused them to win a majority in the general election , before going on to say : `` I lay the blame for that very squarely at the feet of Scottish Labour .
Buddhist texts reflect this tendency , providing a clearer picture of what Gautama may have taught than of the dates of the events in his life .
The World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- predicts that overweight and obesity may soon replace more traditional public health concerns such as undernutrition and infectious diseases as the most significant cause of poor health .
LAM has established family assistance centres at Maputo and Luanda airports to support the families who are naturally distressed '' , a further statement from the company said .
Only a narrow strip around the equator experiences a rapid day -- night cycle , but with the Sun low over the horizon .
The speech also announced the introduction of a `` collective pension '' system similar to schemes in use in the Netherlands .
Efforts include federally reimbursed meal programs in schools , limiting direct junk food marketing to children , and decreasing access to sugar-sweetened beverages in schools .
Ayn Rand is the foremost example of an intellectual working contemporaneously with contemporary philosophy but whose contributions were not made within the professional discipline of `` philosophy '' : `` For all her -LSB- Ayn Rand 's -RSB- popularity , however , only a few professional philosophers have taken her work seriously .
According to the Maine Center of Disease Control and Prevention , guns are used in 85 % of male suicides in the state .
And , everyone , all of our friends and all of our acquaintances would say , `` Hey , you 'd get along with him really well . ''
Two unnamed captors were killed in the attack , but Engel and others were able to escape .
The more sluggish river then occasioned a breach at Shanghu that sent the main outlet north towards Tianjin in 1048 and by 1194 blocked the mouth of the Huai River .
According to Hamas controlled television , the group were Hamas operatives who came ashore next to the Israeli town Zikim to attack the nearby Israeli military base located between the city Ashkelon and the Gaza Strip .
These numbers are higher than for the cities of a few sampled zip codes where there was only one complaint , such as Gold Hill , Oregon which has 4 properties in foreclosure , and Decatur , Illinois which has 6 properties in foreclosure .
McFadden conveyed her experiences in the race to the media , saying , `` At 18 or 19 miles it went again , this always seems to happen to me in London .
Thereafter , Modi travelled from his home in the Indian state of Gujarat to Delhi .
An acute exacerbation of COPD is defined as increased shortness of breath , increased sputum production , a change in the color of the sputum from clear to green or yellow , or an increase in cough in someone with COPD .
Each dog is trained specifically for the detection of single disease from the blood glucose level indicative to diabetes to cancer .
Kafka left his work , both published and unpublished , to his friend and literary executor Max Brod with explicit instructions that it should be destroyed on Kafka 's death ; Kafka wrote : `` Dearest Max , my last request : Everything I leave behind me ... in the way of diaries , manuscripts , letters -LRB- my own and others ' -RRB- , sketches , and so on , -LSB- is -RSB- to be burned unread '' .
Effectively , the capture rule is applied before the suicide rule , and both are applied before White 's play is completed .
The Mine Subsidence Board is investigating the two sinkholes and safety of other homes in the area .
The international popularity of the brand have resulted in the company being continually threatened with nationalization by the Russian government .
The mayor of New Orleans told media that many residents there are nervous .
From 2006 -- 9 services accounted for 87 % of female and 56 % of male employment .
Fung-wong should also lead to heavy rain in Japan and South Korea bringing with it the threat of flash floods .
Four people have died and at least four more have been seriously injured after a dump truck hit multiple vehicles and two pedestrians in Bath in South West England .
Working in the Hegelian tradition , Marx rejected Comtean sociological positivism in attempt to develop a science of society .
Much of the strip 's infrastructure was destroyed by Israeli bombing in 2008 .
In Devon , buses have replaced trains between Exeter and Newton Abbot .
On a day when at least 100 Palestinians were reported killed , Hamas symbolic targets were hit , including reportedly the power plant in Gaza city , Hamas radio and television broadcasting stations , and the homes of Hamas leaders , while Hamas continues to attack through its tunnels and launch rockets at Israeli cities .
Short-period comets have orbits lasting less than two hundred years .
Regular aerobic exercise during pregnancy appears to improve -LRB- or maintain -RRB- physical fitness .
Copper can also be recovered through the in-situ leach process .
Apomixis can also happen in a seed , producing a seed that contains an embryo genetically identical to the parent .
One may now ask : How many possible judgments are there ?
Bob Geldof said `` We are beyond pain .
I was the first physically disabled athlete to get a full Division One scholarship .
The construction project employed some 20,000 artisans under the guidance of a board of architects led by the court architect to the emperor , Ustad Ahmad Lahauri .
`` All Rise '' was heard at 9:04 AM local time Monday morning , whereupon Judge Pierce entered the courtroom .
Voters gave 45.03 % of the vote to Robert Jenrick , while the UK Independence Party candidate Roger Helmer came second with 25.91 % of the vote .
These bloggers will be required to register their identities with Russia 's consumer rights protection agency , Rospotrebnadzor ; they may not spread extremist material or violate citizen privacy , and must undertake fact-checking to verify published content .
The face-off would be turned into multi-Oscar nominated film Frost/Nixon in 2008 , with Frost played by Michael Sheen .
The term is primarily applied to an independent art movement and art style in the United States and Europe that has developed since the early 2000s .
During the campaign , Bonaparte became increasingly influential in French politics .
Another solution , as shown in Delaware , has been to raise native plants to help support native pollinators like L. vierecki .
The chylomicrons are small enough to pass through the enterocyte villi and into their lymph capillaries called lacteals .
A hamada is a type of desert landscape consisting of a high rocky plateau where the sand has been removed by aeolian processes .
In the Cambodian Civil War , Khmer Rouge insurgents reportedly committed atrocities during the war .
Wikinews interviewed several specialists about the parade 's possible significance .
The formula E = mc ² , derived by Albert Einstein -LRB- 1905 -RRB- quantifies the relationship between rest-mass and rest-energy within the concept of special relativity .
It 's exciting because we 've provided the first evidence that cohesive forces are important for small asteroids , which had only been predicted up until now . ''
Hormone transport and the involvement of binding proteins is an essential aspect when considering the function of hormones .
The yam system would be replicated later in the United States , in the form of the Pony Express .
where the integral sums over the wire length where vector dℓ is the vector line element with direction in the same sense as the current I , μ0 is the magnetic constant , r is the distance between the location of dℓ and the location where the magnetic field is calculated , and r̂ is a unit vector in the direction of r .
Reduction of stress is important in the reproductive state of cows as an increase in gonadotrophin and lowered progesterone levels may impinge on the ovulatory and lutenization process and to reduce the chances of successful implantation .
Cattle and other livestock emit about 80 to 93 Tg of methane per year , accounting for an estimated 37 % of anthropogenic methane emissions , and additional methane is produced by anaerobic fermentation of manure in manure lagoons and other manure storage structures .
MM : One of the challenges in this experiment is that it brings together many different parts of physics such as vacuum science , optical micro-manipulation , thermodynamics and potentially quantum mechanics .
At this point , 12 of the 15 former Soviet Republics participated in the CIS .
However , many government publishers , in industrial as well as developing countries , do not participate fully in the ISBN system , and publish books which do not have ISBNs .
Duncan Smith told the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show : `` I am enormously fond of her .
A car wash manager in Tyler told media his business cleaned about three hundred cars on Thursday , busier than usual even for holiday season .
The shooting of 51 people on Monday follows violence last week which killed 36 people in Cairo .
Less commonly , acute adverse reactions can also occur if chemical contamination of food occurs , for example from improper storage , or use of non-food grade soaps and disinfectants .
However , that office was actually shared with friend and draftsman George Elmslie , who was hired by Sullivan at Wright 's request .
According to Russia Today , Morsi followers have reacted to el-Sisi 's statement on Egyptian news by taking to the streets on Sunday afternoon .
Chung-ying Cheng also noted that the Daoist view of heaven flows mainly from `` observation and meditation , -LSB- though -RSB- the teaching of the way -LRB- dao -RRB- can also include the way of heaven independently of human nature '' .
In another review in November last year , UHCR reported improved physical conditions while criticizing progress on reception conditions and refugee applications processing .
An all-water route between the oceans was still seen as the ideal solution , and in 1855 William Kennish , a Manx-born engineer working for the United States government , surveyed the isthmus and issued a report on a route for a proposed Panama Canal .
Later on the same program , he said , `` With all the provocations from Señora Valenciano , all the demagoguery and populist statements , with all the half truths and lies , if I had been myself I would fear me .
Earlier philosophers whose work influenced the Enlightenment included Francis Bacon , René Descartes , John Locke , and Baruch Spinoza .
In an account that had become standard by the mid-century , Hilbert 's problem set was also a kind of manifesto , that opened the way for the development of the formalist school , one of three major schools of mathematics of the 20th century .
Manchester acquired the nickname Cottonopolis during the early 19th century owing to its sprawl of textile factories .
When Enlil arrives , angry that there are survivors , she condemns him for instigating the flood .
Coffee was incorporated into the fair-trade movement in 1988 , when the Max Havelaar mark was introduced in the Netherlands .
Spain 's percentage of foreign-born residents rose from around 3 % in 1995 to about 14 % in 2009 .
The deal includes the WNBL operating license , and involves the team being renamed to the University of Canberra Capitals .
The complete Requiem was first performed at the cathedral in Milan on the anniversary of Manzoni 's death on 22 May 1874 .
A player who reaches base due to a fielding mistake is not credited with a hit -- instead , the responsible fielder is charged with an error .
Mr Penny was released on bail due to poor health , under conditions including surrender of his passport .
He does not expect difficulty qualifying , but it is `` one of the I 's that have to be dotted and T 's that have to be crossed . ''
China 's general position is that internal politics of countries should not interfere with economic ties .
The near-completely enclosed configuration of the Mediterranean basin has enabled the oceanic gateways to dominate seawater circulation and the environmental evolution of the sea and basin .
This is a catastrophe , it -LSB- is -RSB- a mockery of the revolution that brought him to power . ''
Ordinary , untreated eyeglasses give some protection .
Because of this huge increase in supply , the Bridgewater canal reduced the price of coal in Manchester by nearly two-thirds within just a year of its opening .
In the infamous series of Lviv pogroms committed in occupied Poland by nationalists from the Ukrainian People 's Militia in Lwów -LRB- now , Ukraine -RRB- , some 6,000 Polish Jews were murdered in the streets between 30 June and 29 July 1941 , on top of 3,000 arrests and mass shootings by Einsatzgruppe C .
News emerged yesterday that Boko Haram Islamists are suspected to have killed 44 worshippers during dawn prayers early Sunday morning in the small town of Konduga in Nigeria .
`` There are procedures that pilots go through -- safeguards -- when you 're going to shut down an engine , particularly close to the ground , '' said John M. Cox , former commercial pilot and boss of a safety consultant .
Vaccines were discovered by Edward Jenner and Louis Pasteur .
The Friedmann -- Lemaître -- Robertson -- Walker solutions and other spacetimes describing universes have past singularities on which worldlines begin , namely Big Bang singularities , and some have future singularities -LRB- Big Crunch -RRB- as well .
Wikinews interviewed Tom Kyle , the coach of the Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team , known as the Gliders , in Toronto for the 2014 Women 's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship .
In 2009 , the minimum age allowed for both men and women to marry was raised to 18 years .
The Arizona state Attorney General 's Office states it is only regulating one form of abortion .
Chloroplasts are inherited through the male parent in gymnosperms but often through the female parent in flowering plants .
An Israeli Military spokesperson said four soldiers were slightly injured in the operation .
The Aviation Safety Council is investigating .
However , the instability in the ratio between the two grew over the course of the 19th century , with the increase both in supply of these metals , particularly silver , and of trade .
In English , they are sometimes called Han characters .
To the immune system , these antigens appear foreign , and their presence causes immune cells to attack the transformed tumor cells .
SWAT officers were dispatched to the scene , and many neighborhood residents were evacuated with the help of an armored police vehicle , manned by a sniper .
This creates air pollution , including nitrous oxides and particulates , and is a significant contributor to global warming through emission of carbon dioxide , for which transport is the fastest-growing emission sector .
It was also during this deployment that he suffered a bullet grazing to the cheek when his pistol fell out of its holster and accidentally discharged .
Batsmen come in to bat in a batting order , decided by the team captain usually after consulting the team coach , though the captain is not bound to consult the coach .
On 21 May , the French made their first major effort to cross the Danube , precipitating the Battle of Aspern-Essling .
Particularly important are the antibiotics , including the penicillins , a structurally related group of β-lactam antibiotics that are synthesized from small peptides .
Standing in front of a long goal , they throw the ball at the opposition team 's net who in turn try to block it by listening to the ball , which contains a bell , and using their bodies to prevent the ball from going in .
Both sides played defensively , with three players back and one forward , so there was little passing but a lot of foot skill .
This calligraphy style has been based on such a strong structure that it has changed very little since .
Mammals can organize themselves into fission-fusion societies , harems , and hierarchies , but can also be solitary and territorial .
These have been published in various separate booklets , or serialized in Dia Regno , but the Deuterocanonical books have appeared in recent editions of the Londona Biblio .
For his part , Khrushchev , disturbed by Mao 's glib attitude toward nuclear war , referred to the Chinese leader as a `` lunatic on a throne '' .
SH : That may have played a role but it is still not clear why President Obama has taken this course .
The recent introduction of hormonal contraception -LRB- including `` the pill '' -RRB- , which were believed by some to be morally different than previous methods , prompted John XXIII to form a committee to advise him of the moral and theological issues with the new method .
Rosenberg has been identified as the pilot in a different crash in March 2010 , but the FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are still investigating the cause of yesterday 's incident .
Following her gold medal winning , Loesch told the media she was super happy she won , and she had a really good slalom run .
Most ceramic materials , such as alumina and its compounds , are formed from fine powders , yielding a fine grained polycrystalline microstructure which is filled with light scattering centers comparable to the wavelength of visible light .
Cannibalism amongst some species of dinosaurs was confirmed by tooth marks found in Madagascar in 2003 , involving the theropod Majungasaurus .
By 2pm today Chicago O'Hare airport had experienced 592 flight cancellations .
During the legislative session this year , Senator Delph made what is known in Indiana as the `` tweet heard around the world '' .
During their stellar evolution , some stars pass through phases where they can become pulsating variables .
In this work Archimedes explains the Law of the Lever , stating , `` Magnitudes are in equilibrium at distances reciprocally proportional to their weights . ''
Later epigenetic alterations ' role was identified .
Jalaluddin , the son of the Roshaniyya movement 's founder , Bayazid , was killed in 1601 in a fight with Mughal troops near Ghazni .
Meanwhile , 74 % believed it is possible to eventually resolve the issue of hunger in Africa .
This support includes the supply of military supplies from France , and humanitarian aid from the UK , with Eastern European countries providing military materials also being transported by the UK .
As a lot of people know , when we started up a lot of Heaven Sent Gaming , like the first few years , we were taking care of his -LRB- Mario 's -RRB- grandparents , they were suffering through dementia at the time .
The military , in particular , is opposed to significant , long-term intervention because of its concerns over a fragmented , diverse opposition and what happens if Assad falls .
To bring a little more light to the world is what I want , out of all of this .
Today , Chinese authorities announced the arrests of Lorang Konchok , 40 , and his nephew Lorang Tsering , 31 , who were arrested in August .
After summarizing his career , Matisse refers to the possibilities the cut-out technique offers , insisting `` An artist must never be a prisoner of himself , prisoner of a style , prisoner of a reputation , prisoner of success ... ''
Could there in fact be an argument for our passports to contain a multitude of images , taken at different angles , in different lighting and formats ? ''
Nearly all sections of Interstate Highway-35 from San Antonio to Austin , a span of about 75 miles , were closed on Friday morning .
Thomas Jefferson closely followed European ideas and later incorporated some of the ideals of the Enlightenment into the Declaration of Independence -LRB- 1776 -RRB- .
Over half of the people in prison are thought to have serious drug problems , and yet we continue to fail to treat drug addiction as the serious health problem it is . ''
We are trying to make sure that there are the protections there for churches who feel that this is n't appropriate for their particular beliefs .
With Mallory leading -LRB- and thus becoming the first European to set foot on Everest 's flanks -RRB- they climbed the North Col to an altitude of 7,005 metres -LRB- 22,982 ft -RRB- .
The earliest development of classical mechanics is often referred to as Newtonian mechanics , and is associated with the physical concepts employed by and the mathematical methods invented by Newton , Leibniz , and others .
The low standard of evidence used in the trial also violated inquisitorial rules .
The highest scorer was Hunt , with 21 points , closely followed by Ardossi with 20 , Cosier with 10 , and Wilson with 9 .
They scored a converted try right on full time in the only score of the second half .
The second period started with lots of Italian cheering from the stands , while the Americans possessed the puck on the Italian third of the ice .
Primary alcohols -LRB- R-CH2-OH -RRB- can be oxidized either to aldehydes -LRB- R-CHO -RRB- or to carboxylic acids -LRB- R-CO2H -RRB- , while the oxidation of secondary alcohols -LRB- R1R2CH-OH -RRB- normally terminates at the ketone -LRB- R1R2C =O -RRB- stage .
Though Massachusetts does not have the death penalty , as the case is being heard in federal court the prosecutors are able to seek the death penalty .
Foreign Policy reported the bill was `` the most aggressive NSA reform bill under consideration in Congress '' , however , after amendment , the bill has been questioned for extending the Patriot Act and the reduction of reform to Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
A minute 's applause is planned as tribute when Scotland takes on Northern Ireland at home on March 25 .
A penalty gave the Capitals possession again soon after , and Alexandra Bunton scored with one second left on the shot clock .
Virtually every major player in the Revolution was a Freemason and these themes became the widely recognised slogan of the revolution .
Nacreous type 2 is sometimes associated or embedded .
Simon Ličen : Sports in the United States largely reaffirm existing relations of power in society .
During his governorship , he vetoed over 750 bills , more than all other then-governors combined , and left the state with a $ 1 billion budget surplus .
This being best-summarised as a desire to emulate the vibrant music scene of places as far-flung as Austin , Texas and Sydney , Australia .
Morton Fried , a conflict theorist and Elman Service , an integration theorist , have classified human cultures based on political systems and social inequality .
Bourque has been depicted as dressed in camouflage clothing and carrying firearms .
During the Twelfth Dynasty in the 19th century BC , the Pharaohs Senosert III , Amenemhat III and Amenmehat IV dug a canal 16 km -LRB- 9.9 mi -RRB- long linking the Fayum Depression to the Nile in Middle Egypt .
In 2008 , girls outnumbered boys in secondary school by a ratio of 1.04:1 .
A third , only marginally related concept was proposed in 1923 by Gilbert N. Lewis , which includes reactions with acid-base characteristics that do not involve a proton transfer .
The US has previously accused Egypt and the United Arab Emirates of launching aerial attacks on Tripoli .
The country has had a registered partnerships law for same-sex couples since 2002 .
This form of protest has drawn the attention of Thailand 's military junta , the National Council for Peace and Order , who announced its intent on Tuesday to arrest protestors who display the gesture , in violation of orders to stop .
I think it 's in reference to the recent scandal that happened over at Kotaku .
A distinction may be made between exclusive monotheism , and both inclusive monotheism and pluriform -LRB- panentheistic -RRB- monotheism which , while recognising various distinct gods , postulate some underlying unity .
So bottom line , I think my record in the senate has been very pro-business and pro-job growth and pro-economic development and so I think businesses will look more at that than they will look at HJR-3 .
You know , we still have a primary to get through , and I 'll probably reserve my comments until after May .
In his letter Hokusai includes illustrated examples of both his style of illustrating eyes and noses , and the Utagawa -- school style .
In April 1901 , The Emperor appointed him a member of the Austro-Hungarian House of Lords , along with the leading Czech poet Jaroslav Vrchlický .
Despite this , many sources , including the BBC , have named a person detained by police and published their photograph .
Should media coverage correlate to team performance and international rankings ?
Our EPIC campaign is modeled off of his .
One of the world 's richest people , Allen has reportedly invested much of his wealth in marine exploration and began his quest to find the Musashi out of a lifelong interest in the war .
Et là , ma chère , je vous prie laissez vous guider plutôt par votre tempérament que par une conscience sévère ... -LSB- It is , then , a question of finding the equivalent expressions .
It may also be the case that he is looking to share the political risk that goes with attacking with Republicans and Congress in general .
The competition was held at the Royal Society in London , England , and was organized by Kevin Warwick and Huma Shah of the University of Reading to mark the 60th anniversary of Turing 's death on June 7 , 1954 .
Many species have acute vision capable of detecting minute movements .
The route passes five Bavarian and 40 Austrian communities .
The picture of him was chosen by the organizers as the `` image that would deliver the spirit of our -LSB- Docudays UA -RSB- festival to the best of its possible might '' .
By 1800 , approximately 2 million inoculations were administered in the Russian Empire .
External parasites may be controlled through the use of backliners , sprays or immersive sheep dips .
For prokaryotes , cell division occurs through a process of fission in which the DNA is replicated , then the two copies are attached to parts of the cell membrane .
In order for the bill to pass through Parliament , votes are not only needed from the Labor party , but also the Coalition MPs .
The methane production of S. cereale was heightened during the pre-maturing stage of development .
When Sweden was able to make a run down the ice with the puck , the crowds cheered loudly .
The total concentration of carbon dioxide -LRB- in the form of bicarbonate ions , dissolved CO2 , and carbamino groups -RRB- in arterial blood -LRB- i.e. after it has equilibrated with the alveolar air -RRB- is about 26 mM -LRB- or 58 ml/100 ml -RRB- , compared to the concentration of oxygen in saturated arterial blood of about 9 mM -LRB- or 20 ml/100 ml blood -RRB- .
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
The statement from Grieve asserts `` The Prince of Wales is party-political neutral '' and `` it is highly important that he is not considered by the public to favour one political party or another '' , but that if the letters were released there would be the risk he would be `` viewed by others as disagreeing with government policy '' and `` such perception would be seriously damaging to his role as future Monarch , because if he forfeits his position of political neutrality as heir to the Throne , he can not easily recover it when he is King . ''
At 8 o'clock yesterday morning , local time , a 72 hour ceasefire between the Israeli military and the armed factions in the Gaza Strip began .
The win was only the third of the season for Sydney , who are now on a two game winning streak .
The press conference announcing the New York City boycott took place at Desmonds Steakhouse located on the 38th Street and 7th Avenue .
Only 7,000 of an estimated 200,000 eligible residents have signed up for residency cards , a scheme instigated by the government in the face of international pressure .
Wright had risen to head draftsman and handled all residential design work in the office .
Upon the opening of the first public examination , Joan complained that those present were all partisans against her and asked for `` ecclesiastics of the French side '' to be invited in order to provide balance .
According to Allameh Muzaffar , Allah gives humans the faculty of reason and argument .
The Coalition for Equal Marriage , a campaign group supporting the legalisation of same-sex marriage , have tracked support by individual MPs and claim 336 MPs are likely to vote in favour of the legislation , while 130 are likely to vote against .
39 people have been rescued , according to the state emergency service , and subsequently transported to an airport terminal building .
Gilberto 's initial releases , and the 1959 film Black Orpheus , achieved significant popularity in Latin America ; this spread to North America via visiting American jazz musicians .
When questioned about the media , some of whom disappeared at the conclusion of the men 's race , and specifically the media from Wolf 's home country , he said , `` There are not so many media here , which is disappointing .
First of all , the soil of the location where the alleged chemical weapons are used , should immediately be examined after the incident .
Promising that in delivering the `` vow '' a parallel process will address the West Lothian question and work towards greater devolution of powers to Wales , Northern Ireland , and at Westminster , English only votes on English issues .
When this happens , the original genus is called a mother cloud .
There are several possible explanations for this difference , of which the most likely is that the temperature is sufficiently evenly distributed that soot is not formed and complete combustion occurs .
The then Prime Minister John Howard said the tax on tampons was not a woman 's issue .
A field goal scores three points for the shooting team if the player shoots from behind the three-point line , and two points if shot from in front of the line .
Also , adult literacy in developing countries rose from 53 % in 1970 to 74 % in 1998 and much lower illiteracy rate among the young guarantees that rates will continue to fall as time passes .
Outbreaks of another mosquito-transmitted disease , Australian encephalitis -LRB- Murray Valley encephalitis -- MVE -RRB- , occur in temperate south-east Australia after heavy rainfall and flooding , which are associated with La Niña events .
Elif Şafak 's novel The Forty Rules of Love tells the story of Rumi becoming a disciple of the Persian dervish Shams Tabrizi .
Researchers investigated Kepler-444 with NASA 's Kepler telescope using a method called astroseismology .
FHA mortgages account for 7.7 % of all complaints .
Although he initially enjoyed good relations with US President John F. Kennedy , who admired his stance against the Soviet Union -- particularly when the Berlin Wall was being built -- and who called him `` a great captain of the Western world '' , their relationship later cooled .
Mahler 's Hamburg post was as chief conductor , subordinate to the director , Bernhard Pohl -LRB- known as Pollini -RRB- who retained overall artistic control .
On the top of its summit is a huge rock formation -LRB- some , such as Erich von Däniken in his 1973 book , In Search of Ancient Gods , claim it to be a sculpture -RRB- resembling a sphinx-like , bearded head that is visible for many kilometres around .
By the time there was 6:42 left in the first quarter , ONCE had pulled ahead with an 8 -- 5 lead .
It uses a range of managed funds , which invests the money in the charity 's name - including on the stock market - in order to maximise return .
The DJ-based genre of electronic music behaved similarly , eventually evolving into underground styles known as house music in Chicago and techno in Detroit .
When Northern Ireland was debating the decriminalisation of homosexuality , Paisley led a campaign opposing the change titled `` Save Ulster from Sodomy '' .
The conclusion of a general peace permitted Louis to intervene in the Scanian War in 1679 , on behalf of his ally Sweden .
I trained alongside able bodied athletes in the club setting where I trained , and a college setting .
This term has fallen out of use and is sometimes said to be offensive because it suggests that a human being rather than God is central to Muslims ' religion , parallel to Jesus Christ in Christianity .
They wanted to make new exploits known to the world , make people aware of new countries and regions . ''
The equalities minister Maria Miller said : `` Marriage is one of our most important institutions , and from 29 March 2014 it will be open to everyone , irrespective of whether they fall in love with someone of the same sex or opposite sex .
However , the substantive theories are not universally accepted .
An important factor to take into consideration when thinking of consumers ' needs is the key demographics of the customer .
Baha'i - inspired author Gregory Paul Meyjes embraces the single world community and emergent global consciousness but warns of globalization as a cloak for an expeditious economic , social , and cultural Anglo-dominance that may be insufficiently fertile to sustain the emergence of a world civilization .
As of 2013 , the Fukushima site remains highly radioactive , with some 160,000 evacuees still living in temporary housing , and some land will be unfarmable for centuries .
The race was the first Sprint Cup Series night race held at the track .
The ceremony took place in the District of Colombia , in the atrium of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts .
Engines may be located on the fuselage or wings .
Negative atheism includes all other forms of non-theism .
Sukkot -LRB- `` Tabernacles '' or `` The Festival of Booths '' -RRB- commemorates the Israelites ' forty years of wandering through the desert on their way to the Promised Land .
The report also found a shift of economic activity to emerging economies .
Motilal Nehru , a prominent moderate leader , acknowledged the limits of constitutional agitation , but counselled his son that there was no other `` practical alternative '' to it .
These include freedom of association and collective bargaining , protection from child labor , forced labor , and discrimination .
Their results show possibility of remote manipulation of floating objects and were published in Nature Physics this Sunday .
Few of the complaints originate from people with problems with federal student loans .
The second issue was a claim by Churchill that Sir Samuel Hoare and Lord Derby had pressured the Manchester Chamber of Commerce to change evidence it had given to the Joint Select Committee considering the Government of India Bill , and in doing so had breached Parliamentary privilege .
So you have to build the stage -LSB- ... -RSB- you 're going to perform on .
Social science surveys in China have repeatedly found that just more than half the population of China is conversant in spoken putonghua .
For the remainder of the 16th century , Spanish influence was paramount , with ships sailing from Mexico and Peru across the Pacific Ocean to the Philippines , via Guam , and establishing the Spanish East Indies .
Die Feen , Das Liebesverbot and Rienzi were performed at both Leipzig and Bayreuth in 2013 to mark the composer 's bicentenary .
It was going to cover topics including the recent divorce of actress Katie Holmes from Tom Cruise , the role of minors within the Scientology organization , material on Scientology 's chief David Miscavige , and controversy regarding the elite Scientology group known as the Sea Org .
And a thousand times rather tear in me they hold back or buried .
If one thinks of how , e.g. , the US or Israel would respond to such threats , SK looks downright gentle .
The British Film Institute cites it as Chaplin 's finest accomplishment , and the critic James Agee hails the closing scene as `` the greatest piece of acting and the highest moment in movies '' .
According to the current definition , two fasting glucose measurements above 126 mg/dl -LRB- 7.0 mmol/l -RRB- is considered diagnostic for diabetes mellitus .
Thus , halving of the sea level air pressure -LRB- 100 kPa -RRB- results in an intrapulmonary air pressure of 50 kPa .
There were also dramatic presentations that included players , musicians and acrobats .
Quantum mechanics is highly inspired by notions in linear algebra .
The second covers the variables that represent the `` social orientation '' of societies , i.e. , the attitudes and lifestyles of their members .
Normally , serious injuries from fighting are limited to infections of scratches and bites , though these can occasionally kill cats if untreated .
This outage comes at a sensitive time for China , with the trial of Bo Xilai , a former government official , having just ended .
Major cities , such as Ur and Uruk , took root on tributaries of the Euphrates , while others , notably Lagash , were built on branches of the Tigris .
Several of France 's most famous chefs , including Pierre Gagnaire , Alain Ducasse , Yannick Alléno and Alain Passard , have three-star restaurants in Paris .
An aircraft is a machine that is able to fly by gaining support from the air .
Fashion trend goes beyond the aesthetic values , it emerges as an expressive tool for designers to deliver their message about the society .
Although the epic was left unfinished , it was an example of mathnawis in the heroic style of the Shahnameh written later on for the Safavid kings .
At the time of the award , Atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores .
The detached tail will continue to wiggle , creating a deceptive sense of continued struggle and distracting the predator 's attention from the fleeing prey animal .
Service is not expected to restart for at least six weeks .
Telefunken brought in the physicist Jonathan Zenneck and Karl Ferdinand Braun for their defense and hired Tesla as a witness for two years for $ 1000 a month .
Chinese characters are logograms used in the writing of Chinese and some other Asian languages .
The dead included passengers and both pilots in the mid-air collision .
Good days are about to come '' .
It has been suggested that Archimedes knew the formula over two centuries earlier , and since Metrica is a collection of the mathematical knowledge available in the ancient world , it is possible that the formula predates the reference given in that work .
Some Russian historians claim that a medieval rising of the Caspian , perhaps caused by the Amu Darya changing its inflow to the Caspian from the 13th century to the 16th century , caused the coastal towns of Khazaria , such as Atil , to flood .
The first class , the Council of Electors , consisted of the electors , or the princes who could vote for King of the Romans .
The linguist , Calvert Watkins , went so far as to seek an inherited Proto-Indo-European language origin for some epithets and the epic verse form .
Anders Holmdahl originally pleaded not guilty during his first Magistrates court appearance in December 2011 regarding the August 21 , 2010 election .
The BBC College of Journalism advises Scottish legal advice be sought before publishing images of the accused .
To check whether the self-regulation of spider colonies can be considered an adaptation to local conditions , the scientists placed artificially assembled colonies in different locations , with resource availability similar to or different from their home location .
The race is scheduled to start at 10:30 European Central Standard Time .
In this new society , the self-alienation would end , and humans would be free to act without being bound by the labour market .
As well as Liberia , Guinea , and Sierra Leone are at the centre of the outbreak , with Nigeria , and Senegal also effected .
Sikhism is a monistic religion and states that there is one supreme entity holding control of the entire universe .
In Hebrew , `` Rahab '' -LRB- רהב -RRB- , from a Biblical sea monster mentioned in the Book of Psalms , was selected in a vote managed by the Academy of the Hebrew Language in 2009 as the official name for the planet , even though the existing Latin term `` Neptun '' -LRB- נפטון -RRB- is commonly used .
Stravinsky was reputed to have been a philanderer and was rumoured to have had affairs with high-profile partners , such as Coco Chanel .
My parents were divorced for most of my upbringing .
The House of Representatives customarily elected its Speaker for the 113th Congress .
The relative importance of the roles of socialization and genetics in the development of masculinity continues to be debated .
In more complex organisms , coordination of activities can occur through a dedicated nervous system .
Lenin presented many of his ideas in the pamphlet Two Tactics of Social Democracy in the Democratic Revolution , published in August 1905 .
The change in U.S. policy depended on matching the North Vietnamese and the Viet Cong in a contest of attrition and morale .
If a woman is uncomfortable with her breasts ' asymmetry and the variance is relatively minor , she can minimize the difference with a corrective or padded bra or by the use of gel bra inserts .
This revolution inspired younger generation to rebellion .
Apollo 11 launched on July 16 , 1969 , with Armstrong and crewmates Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins .
This inspired him to change his will .
Meanwhile religious experience goes on experiencing , so that by the time I get my dogma stated so that I can think about it , the religious experience becomes an object of thought .
It was soon realized that these formulas , even if one was only interested in real solutions , sometimes required the manipulation of square roots of negative numbers .
The business , which went into administration earlier this week , is to leave its workforce of approximately 1370 jobless .
The meanings of `` Naqshbandi '' is to follow the pattern of head of the former .
When an atom loses an electron and thus has more protons than electrons , the atom is a positively charged ion or cation .
Two events in particular were to precipitate a recurrence of tensions .
Egyptian General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has announced that the army will no longer hold restraint against any remaining protesters .
He replaces Mark Thompson , who had held the position since 2004 .
In 1506 Leonardo returned to Milan .
Anyway , walked into work on Tuesday morning and the boss said ... and I said I just to put it on the table : I 'm going .
Although even short-range missiles allow for a faster and less vulnerable attack , the development of long-range intercontinental ballistic missiles -LRB- ICBMs -RRB- and submarine-launched ballistic missiles -LRB- SLBMs -RRB- has given some nations the ability to plausibly deliver missiles anywhere on the globe with a high likelihood of success .
He went and bought her a Cadillac .
His rival , incumbent Prime Minister and the official candidate of ruling Smer-SD -LRB- Direction -- Social Democracy -RRB- party Robert Fico received 40.61 percent of the vote .
Seventeen of his twenty novels have reached number one on the New York Times bestseller list .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- The Russian Government accepts that chemical weapons have been used in Syria .
Public schools are to remain closed tomorrow in New York , Washington and Philadelphia .
However , some disadvantages to use of bacteriophages also exist .
Mexico 's Lucia Vazquez Delgadillo then became the opened the scoring to give Mexico a two-point lead , their biggest of the entire game .
On Sunday , protestors were reportedly detained for that reason .
This he did ` not without some satisfaction ' , and so , on 29 August , the US 28th Infantry Division was rerouted from its journey to the front line and paraded down the Champs Elysees .
After graduating cum laude with her J.D. degree this past May , Fluke successfully took and passed the bar exam in July and is now an attorney .
In December , Nietzsche began a correspondence with August Strindberg and thought that , short of an international breakthrough , he would attempt to buy back his older writings from the publisher and have them translated into other European languages .
Of that population of connected Jews , 80 % participated in some sort of Jewish religious observance , but only 48 % belonged to a congregation , and fewer than 16 % attend regularly .
It advises laws be created and enforced to prevent sex selection of children .
It seems we do n't deserve to have a nation , a football team or a berth in a major tournament .
In the central nervous system , the analogous structures are known as tracts .
With the model Caroline Joblau , he had a daughter , Marguerite , born in 1894 .
The age-related decline in immune function is also related to decreasing vitamin D levels in the elderly .
British Foreign Sectretary William Hague said : `` It is crucial that there is a swift return to democratic processes in Egypt .
Debate has continued this week in the state about gun control as it relates to suicide .
The female cub was born weighing 6.4 ounces and measuring 6.1 inches .
Swiss international Philipp Häfeli was double teamed , and fouled at 8:07 .
This induced alternating electric current in the wire coils located adjacent .
No official statement was released by Hall 's family or her legal team regarding the circumstances of her death however her lawyers stated that Hall maintained her innocence `` to her dying breath . ''
Each team is to play the others two twice , on Wednesday September 18 and Thursday September 19 .
Isabel : We feel like acting like a Christian , following the steps of Christ , is much more important that following a doctrine .
Their ability to exploit resources may bring ants into conflict with humans , however , as they can damage crops and invade buildings .
In September of that year , Newton had a breakdown which included sending wild accusatory letters to his friends Samuel Pepys and John Locke .
Adam Page was injured with 1:08 left in the game , and left the ice to a round of applause from the fans .
Islamic State are known to have set up a base in Yemen last November , but are not known to have previously carried out an attack there .
Seeds are the primary way that trees reproduce and their seeds vary greatly in size and shape .
They include the Netherlands , with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women 's standing class in the Super-G yesterday , and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event .
Bands such as Green River , Soundgarden , the Melvins and Skin Yard pioneered the genre , with Mudhoney becoming the most successful by the end of the decade .
If such a system emits signals that can be directly traced back to the compact object , it can not be a black hole .
The military conquests were partially terminated between 638 and 639 during the years of great famine in Arabia and plague in Levant .
The latter was based on a theme suggested by Poliziano and was commissioned by Lorenzo de Medici .
Johnson 's crew managed to keep Johnson on the same lap as the leaders , allowing him to gain positions .
The army , police , and fire service all attended .
Disturbances caused a further 18-minute delay in starting the second half .
The Major Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church Sviatoslav Shevchuk and the Patriarch of Kyiv and All Rus ' - Ukraine Filaret , as well as representatives of Ukrainian Orthodox Church , Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church , Clerical Board of Ukraine 's Muslims , Armenian Apostolic Church took part in this prayer .
Some salamanders adopt defensive poses when faced by a potential predator such as the North American northern short-tailed shrew -LRB- Blarina brevicauda -RRB- .
Unseen by protesters or public , Farage is believed to have left the venue around 7:30 pm .
ISIL was using this artillery to shell Kurdish forces defending Erbil where U.S. personnel are located , '' early Friday morning .
Mahler may have gained his first conducting experience with the Conservatory 's student orchestra , in rehearsals and performances , although it appears that his main role in this orchestra was as a percussionist .
As a general rule , Adler & Sullivan did not design or build houses , but they obliged when asked by the clients of their important commercial projects .
As part of the project to limit the powers of government , various liberal theorists such as James Madison and the Baron de Montesquieu conceived the notion of separation of powers , a system designed to equally distribute governmental authority among the executive , legislative , and judicial branches .
In November 2007 it was reported in the local media that construction of the ship lift started in October 2007 .
The New York Post identifies the shooter as 20-year-old Adam Lanza .
The ILO has noted that these workers work in a sector that lacks regulation and is informal .
The band is scheduled to perform in Las Vegas on December 30 .
The government publicly acknowledged its rocket broke up in flight over ocean waters before ever making it into orbit .
Seven events were observed during the surveyed time .
While Spain was fighting in France , Portugal -- which had been under personal union with Spain for 60 years -- acclaimed John IV of Braganza as king in 1640 , and the House of Braganza became the new dynasty of Portugal .
After legislators passed the bill , Pence told WISH-TV : `` From my perspective , the focus needs to be on health emergencies .
Johnson was formerly MP for Henley from 2001 to 2008 before he resigned in order to seek election as London 's mayor .
Isabel : This starts out with Reverie .
Hughes was charged under United States Code Title 49 , concerning transportation .
This led to several missed shots by Sarah Vinci and Katie Hill , with Mexico unable to capitalise on the opportunities .
No significant differences were seen among men of different social classes .
Bibby was left scoreless .
Some objectors cite Japanese government press controls during the lead-up to World War II .
Round robin play concluded yesterday , with France , Germany , China , the Netherlands , Australia , Canada , Great Britain and the United States all having qualified to play in quarter-final matches scheduled for tomorrow .
She wrote eight Did You Knows that appeared on the front page of the project , and contributed to two Good Articles , the Washington : A Life article and the Anthony Ashley-Cooper , 10th Earl of Shaftesbury article .
At that point , Latreche took a point , tying the scores , and went ahead on the next point .
The Qomolangma Formation , also known as the Jolmo Lungama Formation or the Everest Formation , runs from the summit to the top of the Yellow Band , about 8,600 m -LRB- 28,200 ft -RRB- above sea level .
Mr. Romney criticized China for `` holding down artificially the value of their currency '' .
In a later tweet , he added : `` Only thing is that the ruling Wigton Soviet are operating outside the constitution so I shall ignore their plastic gangster games . ''
By age 15 , according to Young Lives , Indian parents from Andhra Pradesh prioritize family outcomes for their male children over their female ones .
Although McGranery told the press that he had `` a pretty good case against Chaplin '' , Maland has concluded , on the basis of the FBI files that were released in the 1980s , that the US government had no real evidence to prevent Chaplin 's re-entry .
The kangaroo bounced on him while he was still on the ground .
The second bout between the CARD Blood Diamonds and the Brisbane City Rollers Punk Blockers started around 7:30 pm -LRB- 0930 UTC -RRB- .
The boycott follows another event that took place on Monday where bottles of vodka were poured onto the streets of the city , as part of a protest by the President of United Restaurant and Tavern Owners Association , Paul Hurley .
The antique and old books fair is in its twenty-fifth edition and is one of several large bookfairs that occurs annually in Spain .
Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men 's sitting Super-G .
The 14 , or possibly 15 , Welsh mountains over 3,000 feet -LRB- 910 metres -RRB- high are known collectively as the Welsh 3000s .
Education , however , showed gender segregation by subject at the tertiary level ; Finland was one of several countries singled out as examples of high gender segregation in economically developed countries , compared to lower levels of segregation in less well-developed nations .
A 2009 consensus from the studies of the introduction of the euro concluded that it has increased trade within the eurozone by 5 % to 10 % , although one study suggested an increase of only 3 % while another estimated 9 to 14 % .
` Guilty ' of covering stories with great skill and integrity .
Whenever the Italians got possession of the puck and looked like they might have a remote chance of scoring , the Russian fans started cheering loudly .
Turtle lungs are attached to the inside of the top of the shell -LRB- carapace -RRB- , with the bottom of the lungs attached -LRB- via connective tissue -RRB- to the rest of the viscera .
During the Revolutionary Wars , the French invaded and occupied the region between 1794 and 1814 , a time known as the French period .
The Libyan leader told the United Arab Emirates -LRB- UAE -RRB- - based Arab TV channel Sky News his country would consider `` breaking off relations if this interference into Libya 's internal affairs continued . ''
Another general feature of general relativity is the appearance of spacetime boundaries known as singularities .
These plays and entremeses made up Ocho Comedias y ocho entire messes nuevos , nunca representados -LRB- Eight Comedies and Eight New Interludes , Never Before Performed -RRB- which appeared in 1615 .
Mackay 's management career continued until 1995 .
Such dams often marked the beginning of a town or city because it was easy to cross the river at such a place , and often gave rise to the respective place 's names in Dutch .
Established in 1945 by the UN Charter , the Court began work in 1946 as the successor to the Permanent Court of International Justice .
Again I must stress that I am not an archaeologist or DNA person but my understanding is that in Richard III 's case procedure centred on comparison between his DNA and that of people who are alive today and who are descended from other members of his family -- including his brother the Duke of Clarence and his niece Elizabeth of York .
Witnesses in Scotland may be asked to identify accused persons standing in the dock .
Each program has its own jury that consists of famous human rights activists , film producers , directors , critics , writers etc. .
Effects such as circling players can be added , along with captions and audio from the coaches .
The Palestinian motion reads : `` Our aim is to stop the suffering of our footballers and ensure that Palestinian football is allowed to benefit from the rights and the obligations enshrined in the FIFA statutes '' .
The caste system is most commonly still employed in rural Punjabi villages .
Blank : It is unlikely that Ukraine could prevail in such a conflict but I think it would unhinge Russian calculations , create the basis for protracted conflict , including guerrilla war for which Russia is not prepared , and thus force the West to act and begin the process of imposing costs on Russia that Putin did not foresee .
According to the newspaper 's report , commercial airline pilots claim to have observed C-130 transport planes visually and fighter jet formations by radar .
Lafayette clarified , `` We would walk through -LSB- the area -RSB- and hand -LSB- survivors -RSB- water , along with the information cards and say , ` If you need us , we 're here . ' ''
The European Union already has committed $ 100 million to sustainable energy in the region , with $ 10 million of that coming as a result of an announcement made last week .
Williamson hugged silver medalist Miroslav Haraus of Slovakia , and Santacana when Santacana and guide Miguel Galindo Garcés returned to the finishing area after Santacana 's fall .
The military parade served to transparently show , in a largely passive/non-offensive/non-reactionary way , the capacity to follow through on that strategy that is directed at North Korea 's offensive nuclear weapons , offensive chemical weapons , and offensive biological weapons programs rather than a more general deterrence strategy .
However , in 1965 Taiji Kase came from Japan along with Enoeda and Shirai , who went to England and Italy respectively , and karate came under the influence of the JKA .
Many species are able to detect light in the infrared , ultraviolet and the visible light wavelengths .
On 14 July 1790 , and for several days following , crowds in the Champ de Mars celebrated the anniversary of the fall of the Bastille with the Fête de la Fédération ; Talleyrand performed a mass ; participants swore an oath of `` fidelity to the nation , the law , and the king '' ; the King and the royal family actively participated .
Some painters , theoreticians , writers and scientists , including Goethe , Kandinsky , and Newton , have written their own color theory .
The Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy made a statement : `` In the face of a tragedy such as just happened in Santiago de Compostela on the eve of its big day , I can only express my deepest sympathy as a Spaniard and a Galician . ''
So I am delighted that we are investing in a new polar research ship to carry cutting edge British technology to put British scientists at the forefront of research in both the Antarctic and the Arctic oceans '' .
Tesla became well known as an inventor and would demonstrate his achievements to celebrities and wealthy patrons at his lab , and was noted for his showmanship at public lectures .
Prior to hitting China , Fung-wong had previously landed in Taiwan and the Philippines , leading directly to one death in Taiwan .
Why does the US media provide so little coverage of the Paralympics compared to other sports ?
Other drivers participating in the Chase for the Sprint Cup finished farther back , such as Denny Hamlin who finished thirteenth .
However , eVe has achieved a similar drag coefficient , despite different overall shape and larger frontal area .
Another is that only members of the public who downloaded the app ` just in case ' of an emergency , plus emergency workers with the app , could summon a drone .
The Tao Te Ching , often called simply Laozi after its reputed author , describes the Dao -LRB- or Tao -RRB- as the source and ideal of all existence : it is unseen , but not transcendent , immensely powerful yet supremely humble , being the root of all things .
-LRB- Genesis 12:1 -- 3 -RRB- Abram was 75 years old when he left Haran with his wife Sarai , his nephew Lot , and the substance and souls that they had acquired , and traveled to Shechem in Canaan .
Starting next season , the league will be administered by Basketball Australia
Many , such as the Luddites and prominent philosopher Martin Heidegger , hold serious , although not entirely , deterministic reservations about technology -LRB- see `` The Question Concerning Technology '' -RRB- .
In 1996 , the metropolitan area was divided into five districts , each with its own municipal corporation .
King said the the incident is inadvertent and emphasised the airline 's commitment to safety .
Michelangelo , who was reluctant to take the job , persuaded the Pope to give him a free hand in the composition .
A year later , a Finnish Dorset sheep named Dolly , dubbed `` the world 's most famous sheep '' in Scientific American , was the first mammal to be cloned from an adult somatic cell .
Vettel was more pessimistic , claiming this is `` going to be a long season '' .
Water is mixed with flour , salt and the leavening agent .
The Stars fought their way back from being nine points down at three quarter time to take the lead with only minutes to go , thanks to a spectacular shot by Georgia Inglis .
A violent storm then arose which caused the terrified gods to retreat to the heavens .
In 1971 , an affair he had with Joyce Bova resulted -- unbeknownst to him -- in her pregnancy and an abortion .
He said that upon their arrival , `` We were able to see that there was a figure sat in a chair but they were unresponsive to knocks at the door . ''
Roflumilast and cilomilast may be associated with side effects such as gastrointestinal issues and weight loss .
Here 's an opportunity to travel with an Australian side .
The two suspects are scheduled to appear before Glasgow Sheriff Court today .
Condensing water vapor , most or all of which came from ice delivered by comets , produced the oceans and other water sources .
Liesl Tesch made a special presentation to Lisa Edmonds , a pioneer of the women 's game who has been playing wheelchair basketball for 24 years .
This is done by giving names to periods of time , typically days , weeks , months , and years .
In most jurisdictions where capital punishment is carried out today , the death penalty is reserved for premeditated murder , espionage , treason , or as part of military justice .
Tourism often concentrates in areas of high natural wealth , causing a serious threat to the habitats of endangered Mediterranean species such as sea turtles and monk seals .
In May 1876 , Cambridge University offered to grant honorary degrees of Doctor of Music to both Brahms and Joachim , provided that they composed new pieces as `` theses '' and were present in Cambridge to receive their degrees .
Even though legislative support may be less strong than the one provided by the Americans with Disabilities Act , many social institutions including the media are more receptive to this form of diversity .
Specific defenses respond to particular pathogens recognised by the fish 's body , i.e. , an immune response .
The transfer still requires formal approval from Basketball Australia and the WNBL Commission .
An Afghan general , quoted by Reuters , said , `` Airpower by the foreign troops is the key component to this battle and we have lost many men simply because we could n't ask our foreign partners for air strikes '' .
Got to spend a bit more time with Tige Simmonds and Adrian and Justin and Brad and Shaun and all the boys and had a fabulous time .
Multiple problems have come to be associated with this framework : ranging from obtaining a sufficient sample size to specifying an adequate null hypothesis .
The Great Famine of 1315 -- 1317 was the first crisis that would strike Europe in the late Middle Ages .
In 2013 , there were about 1,200,000 bicycles in Amsterdam outnumbering the amount of citizens in the city .
On the Programme for International Student Assessment math test though , US boys tested better than US girls by a score of roughly 495 to 480 .
He was buried on 23 April .
Other than aphorism 36 in Beyond Good and Evil , where he raised a question regarding will to power as being in the material world , it was only in his notes -LRB- unpublished by himself -RRB- , where he wrote about a metaphysical will to power .
The United States ' Gail Gaeng was named the player of the match .
The health care personal providing care at his home are the very same who provided care to him in hospital . ''
He was the Tory prime minister who presided over his party 's complete wipe-out in Scotland and the more he tries to lecture the people of Scotland , the better it will be for the Yes vote . ''
Romney announced that he had cancelled a planned campaign rally yesterday evening in Virginia Beach and Vice-President Joe Biden cancelled a visit there on Saturday .
These experiments were conducted before March 1914 , when Minchin died , but they were later repeated by two different teams in 1937 , by H. Miller and J. W. Strange from EMI , and by H. Iams and A. Rose from RCA .
-LRB- -LRB- William S. Saturn -RRB- -RRB- Let 's get into social issues now .
Salmon urged the Scottish population to seize the opportunity for independence , quoted by ABC as saying , '' -LSB- t -RSB- he choice becomes clearer with each passing day - the opportunity to use our vast resources and talent to build a better country , or to continue with a Westminster system that simply is n't working for Scotland , ''
In 1986 he became the first German to address the UK parliament .
In the interval between May 2010 and February 2012 the private banks of Holland , France and Germany reduced exposure to Greek debt from $ 122 billion to $ 66 billion .
In 1952 , following pressure from Tesla 's nephew , Sava Kosanović , Tesla 's entire estate was shipped to Belgrade in 80 trunks marked N.T. .
This is often seen as the birth of the sport and pastime , and to commemorate it , the event is recreated every year as an open water swimming event .
Although probable prokaryotic cell fossils date to almost 3.5 billion years ago , most prokaryotes do not have distinctive morphologies and fossil shapes can not be used to identify them as archaea .
Such threats were heightened when , on March 4 , 1960 , two massive explosions ripped through the French freighter La Coubre , which was carrying Belgian munitions from the port of Antwerp , and was docked in Havana Harbor .
The campaign killed 45,000 Allied and 86,000 Turkish troops .
Kang played table tennis and Kim played wheelchair basketball .
Following a little patter , she asked the fans to do the Team USA chant , which they did .
The rest of the tablet is broken .
The largest reciprocating IC are low speed CI engines of this type ; they are used for marine propulsion -LRB- see marine diesel engine -RRB- or electric power generation and achieve the highest thermal efficiencies among internal combustion engines of any kind .
These civilizations may well have exchanged technologies and ideas such as mathematics and the wheel .
In doing so , he discovered the connection between the Riemann zeta function and the prime numbers ; this is known as the Euler product formula for the Riemann zeta function .
That would see Sergio Perez score a point for Force India by moving into tenth .
Amsterdam 's high-end shops are found in the streets P.C. Hooftstraat and Cornelis Schuytstraat , which are located in the vicinity of the Vondelpark .
An East-West Schism in 1054 split the former Roman Empire religiously , with the Eastern Orthodox Church in the Byzantine Empire and the Roman Catholic Church in the former Western Roman Empire .
He had served prison time for attacking two blacks , one of whom he was convicted of trying to murder .
Lawyers claim the UN is breaking international law by failing to apologize or provide remuneration to the victims .
Ashleigh Owens , who represents Webb 's Born Fighting PAC , accused the Business Insider of '' -LSB- a -RSB- dding up numbers across several years -LSB- to create -RSB- a sensational headline '' .
Both of these reproduced by spores rather than seeds and are considered to be links between ferns and the gymnosperms which evolved in the Triassic period .
Petrologists can also use fluid inclusion data and perform high temperature and pressure physical experiments to understand the temperatures and pressures at which different mineral phases appear , and how they change through igneous and metamorphic processes .
The vomeronasal organ of birds is either under-developed or altogether absent , depending on the species .
The number of individual species of life is constantly in some degree of flux , with new species appearing and others ceasing to exist on a continual basis .
In recent years , instead of Diwali , the post-2003 calendar released by SGPC has named it the Bandi Chhor divas .
STV News reported the mail carrier , who has not yet been publicly identified , was conducting his duties at the time of the incident .
In her team 's only win in pool play , she scored 37 points against Brazil in a game they won 63 -- 52 .
More tributes came from within Singapore and around the world .
Behind his presence is the recent agreement to reconsider the planed transfer of the war-time operation control from the UN/US to the Korean army .
For constitutional principles almost lost to antiquity , see the code of Manu .
However , Palestinian authorities say that such recognition will depose five million refugees from ever returning to homes fled following the 1948 establishment of Israel .
Abbott 's position on this issue in Iraq has been met with criticism from different members of parliament .
In an event known as the Incarnation , through the power of the Holy Spirit , God became united with human nature through the conception of Christ in the womb of the Blessed Virgin Mary .
Tolstoy 's concept of non-violence or Ahimsa was bolstered when he read a German version of the Tirukkural .
The eccentricity of their orbits causes regular flexing of the three moons ' shapes , with Jupiter 's gravity stretching them out as they approach it and allowing them to spring back to more spherical shapes as they swing away .
Dr. Harry Leider , Chief Medical Officer for Walgreens , also is encouraging people to get the flu vaccine now before the flu becomes more widespread .
Conservative MP and former chief whip Andrew Mitchell welcomed Johnson 's announcement : `` I think he 's a remarkable politician .
The standard regimen consists of three-day dihydroartemisinin -- piperaquine treatment , and had a 25 % rate of failure at day 42 in another recent study in Pailin , Cambodia .
HFAs , discontinuities in the solar wind , were found to have much larger repercussions for Venus than for Earth .
Although no group claimed responsibility for the bombing , Sami Abu Zuhri , a spokesman for Hamas , `` blessed '' to the bombing when saying , '' -LSB- We see -RSB- it as a natural response to the Israeli massacres ... in Gaza .
The channel released a statement after the accident .
For example , the pirates of the Barbary Coast were recognized as de facto states because of their military power .
The new gadget would be served on 14 routes connecting Hawaii with mainland USA , Asia , and the South Pacific .
The state government reported that at least 250 Honduras citizens were traveling on the train , which had a scrap metal cargo .
Approximately 60 media representatives attended and had the opportunity to ask questions of Craig Spence , IPC President Philip Craven , Chairman of the London Organizing Committee of the Olympic and Paralymic Games -LRB- LOCOG -RRB- Sebastian Coe , and LOCOG Director of Communications and Public Affairs Jackie Brock-Doyle following a short speech on the history of the Paralympic Games .
This convention is used by Charles Mills in his History of the Crusades for the Recovery and Possession of the Holy Land -LRB- 1820 -RRB- , and is often retained for convenience , even though it is somewhat arbitrary : The Fifth and Sixth Crusades led by Frederick II may be considered a single campaign , as can the Eighth Crusade and Ninth Crusade led by Louis IX .
For men , the rates when exposed to nitrogen dioxide were 25 % higher than average .
The length of the small intestine can vary greatly , from as short as 2.75 m -LRB- 9.0 ft -RRB- to as long as 10.49 m -LRB- 34.4 ft -RRB- .
The three areas are grouped together because of their interrelationships , the similarity of methods used , and the commonality of their relevant energy scales .
After returning from the journey the Government decided Linnaeus should take on another expedition to the southernmost province Scania .
Some contemporaries alleged that Bonaparte was put under house arrest at Nice for his association with the Robespierres following their fall in the Thermidorian Reaction in July 1794 , but Napoleon 's secretary Bourrienne disputed the allegation in his memoirs .
The last public statement B.B King made , according to The Sydney Morning Herald , was early this month .
Sutton 's mother broke the news in a post on ` Stephen 's story ' , the Facebook page launched in January 2013 in which Sutton documented events in his life .
Half a million Soviet citizens , for example , died from German bombing during the invasion and occupation of Russia .
Some sources distinguish between antibacterial and antibiotic ; antibacterials are used in soaps and disinfectants , while antibiotics are used as medicine .
The mortgage complaints in the CFPB report include several subproducts .
After his election victory in May , Modi invited Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to his swearing-in ceremony , surprising various international observers and commentators .
These findings have nearly doubled the total number of known exoplanets .
The strength of an acid refers to its ability or tendency to lose a proton .
Some commenters noted that the technology requires users to install multiple plugins for Microsoft Internet Explorer , which cause a decrease in overall computer performance .
According to a statement issued by SpaceX , `` Throughout the test and subsequent flight termination , the vehicle remained in the designated flight area .
Adam and his brother Peter , also a former professional footballer , were in the accident after failure of a tire on the BMW X5 Adam was reportedly driving .
He is expected to continue rehabilitation , while convenient housing arrangements have been made .
#humblebrag was used as a term to describe the art of false modesty .
The second , in which further deaths were reported , was caused by 100 kilograms of explosives according to the Interior Ministry .
Ants became dominant after adaptive radiation at the beginning of the Paleogene period .
Pope Francis started his visit in Jordan and from there he continued to the Palestinian city of Bethlehem .
The book contained a complete survey of the taxonomy system he had been using in his earlier works .
On the third competition day , Gourley earned an eighth place finish in the Slalom with a combined run time of 2:09.66 , 3.37 seconds slower than seventh place finisher Andrzej Szczesny of Poland and 13.81 seconds behind winner Vincent Gauthier-Manuel of France .
The stronger an acid is , the more easily it loses a proton , H + .
Juvenile pythons might start out feeding on lizards or mice and graduate to small deer or antelope as an adult , for example .
The 11 wounded were to be sent for medical treatment in several hospitals , North Sinai 's Governor Abdel Fatah Harhor told MENA news agency .
MM : The spheres are produced by mixing three chemical compounds together -LRB- CaCl2 , MgSO4 and K2CO3 -RRB- until the mixture becomes transparent .
It is a big device producing -LSB- a -RSB- 3D picture of the internal structure without damaging the specimen .
The ancient Greeks were familiar with the Hebrew Scriptures and language , and often borrowed words and terms .
`` Israel '' , he said , `` is not bound to this agreement while Iran is committed to the destruction of Israel .
The start of the second saw ONCE more aggressive than Getafe , earning a few personal fouls .
Passengers in business class would be able to use the tablet for free while economy class passengers would need to pay $ 15 when purchasing the service before boarding -LRB- or $ 17 if purchased during the flight -RRB- .
It was alleged that Mr Causevic was an accomplice in organising the terror plot in Melbourne .
Prakash Javadekar , spokesperson for Modi 's Bharatiya Janata Party , said , `` It is very good news that Nawaz Sharif has accepted Modi 's invitation .
After the defeat , Republican Senators Dan Coats of Indiana , John McCain of Arizona , and Olympia Snowe of Maine each asked Brown to run for Senate again .
That is how it is painted by capitalist propagandists , who purport to draw a lesson from the example of Rockefeller -- whether or not it is true -- about the possibilities of success .
It is not yet clear how many people have been killed or injured , although Police Scotland have reported `` a number of fatalities and people injured '' , with `` all casualties , including the driver of the bin lorry '' , alternately being taken to Southern General Hospital , Western Infirmary and Glasgow Royal Infirmary .
There was also no running water , and piles of human waste were a threat to the health of the workers .
The term ` antibiosis ' , meaning `` against life '' , was introduced by the French bacteriologist Jean Paul Vuillemin as a descriptive name of the phenomenon exhibited by these early antibacterial drugs .
The Labour MP Paul Flynn raised the possibility the ruling might have consequences for Charles ' suitability to be King : `` If there are serious questions about the suitability of Prince Charles as a monarch there could be a question in the public mind about whether to skip a generation .
It is unrelated to influenza though it has been called the stomach flu .
Amateur camera footage shows the helicopters colliding when one appears to fly into the path of the other .
On 28 November 2006 , the Ukrainian Parliament approved a bill declaring the Soviet-era forced famine an act of genocide against the Ukrainian people .
This attack had undone `` weeks of persistent and effective efforts to slow the outbreak '' according to the WHO , who were overseeing the team .
This is used , for example in the United Nations and in the Olympic Charter .
While I am sure that there are many people related to Alfred , the greater length of time and the dispossession of so many Saxons at the time of the Norman Conquest would mean that present day descendents would be harder to trace with certainty .
Sarah Brady , gun control campaigner and widow of former US White House Press Secretary James Brady , has died at the age of 73 .
Among emigrant-descended populations some Scottish Gaelic is still spoken in Canada -LRB- principally Nova Scotia and Cape Breton Island -RRB- , and Welsh in Patagonia , Argentina .
The ascending colon receives fecal material as a liquid .
According to Giles , ecstasy is commonly used at nightclubs in Canberra .
Picasso carried on a long-standing affair with Marie-Thérèse Walter and fathered a daughter with her , named Maya .
Five people , including two Europeans , have been killed by gunmen during an attack on a bar in Bamako , the capital city of Mali , early on Sunday morning .
Standing LW2 classified skier Úrsula Pueyo finished ninth and last in her group .
She asked the Court to order an independent investigation on the allegations , so that she may receive protection from what she calls an `` institutional harassment '' .
Repairs took a year , and in 1957 , the present radio aerial was added to the top .
In particular , archaeological finds have confirmed the basic accuracy of the Shiji including the reigns and locations of tombs of ancient rulers .
In contrast , boys from rural areas in Fiji generally do not believe they will stay in school past the primary level .
Structurally , bread can be defined as an elastic-plastic foam .
I carried out the bulk of the experimental work and data analysis , but the process of designing the experiment , figuring out how to do the analysis , choosing which ideas to follow and which to put on the shelf etc. , that is highly collaborative .
During a search at Mr Causevic 's home police found weapons such as knives , a tactical vest and an Islamic flag .
Peary 's account of a journey to the Pole and back while traveling along the direct line -- the only strategy that is consistent with the time constraints that he was facing -- is contradicted by Henson 's account of tortuous detours to avoid pressure ridges and open leads .
It can conceive of these syntheses only within a moving , dialectical totalisation , which is nothing else but history or -- from the strictly cultural point of view adopted here -- ` philosophy-becoming-the world ' . ''
-LRB- Ludwig 's mother had died in the meantime . -RRB-
Yesterday , the independent mayor of New York Michael Bloomberg gave his endorsement to Obama .
The service is referred to as mail , and a single piece of electronic mail is called a message .
Instead , he seems to have accepted the conclusions of Ruđer Bošković , who explained the qualities of matter as a result of an interplay of forces .
In December 2006 , the Yangtze River dolphin was declared functionally extinct after an extensive search of the river revealed no signs of the dolphin 's inhabitance .
Muscular movements by the animal during locomotion can facilitate hemolymph movement , but diverting flow from one area to another is limited .
Reports of up to eleven deaths during the seizure have since emerged ; Ukrainian officials have denied the claims .
Moreover , in a collective relational context ; namely , to know what ought to be done : if the will is free , if there is a God , and if there is a future world .
The situation changed again from 1660s into the 1690s when works by French authors were published in Holland out of the reach of French censors .
Known in the circles of clerics , students , and merchants , chess entered into the popular culture of Middle Ages .
100 million ounces -LRB- 685,714.3 pounds -LRB- 311,034.8 kg -RRB- -RRB- of silver are projected for use by solar energy in 2015 .
This renaming campaign was completed in the 1970s .
In this model , atmospheric `` greenhouse gases '' kept the oceans from freezing when the newly forming Sun had only 70 % of its current luminosity .
Because the reduction in blood flow is global , all parts of the brain may be affected , especially vulnerable `` watershed '' areas - border zone regions supplied by the major cerebral arteries .
The blasts occurred outside of the Taqwa and al-Salam mosques while hundreds of worshipers were gathered for Friday noon prayer .
Since that there is more insistence on the faculty of intellect among Shia , even evaluating the claims of someone who claim prophecy is on the shoulder of intellect .
A photograph might do this in a case where identification is an issue ; on the face of it , that does not seem especially likely in this case , but it is impossible to know for certain at this point .
28 skiers earned DNFs during the first run , and nine earned DNFs during their second runs .
Nationally , he has received four percent registered-voter support in the past two CNN/Opinion Research Polls that included him with President Barack Obama , Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and Green Party nominee Jill Stein .
Presley and his wife filed for divorce on August 18 .
For example , his paintings of 1917 included the pointillist Woman with a Mantilla , the Cubist Figure in an Armchair , and the naturalistic Harlequin -LRB- all in the Museu Picasso , Barcelona -RRB- .
The court was told of how Kearins had got into an argument with McGuire after consuming what judge Lady Scott called a `` staggering amount of alcohol '' and diazepam .
She proclaimed the Tianshou era of Wu Zhou on October 16 , 690 , and three days later demoted Emperor Ruizong to crown prince .
Elements heavier than C , N , O , and F often form compounds with more electrons than predicted by the octet rule , as explained in the article on hypervalent molecules .
Before a full house at a game that was the first one to sell out in the lead up to the start of the London Paralympics , the United States national wheelchair rugby team defeated Great Britain national wheelchair rugby team by a score of 56 -- 44 .
Never before have the same two countries played in both Hockey World Cup finals in a single year .
Conservative Cameron pre-announced a proposal to change the rules so workers in the public sector and for companies with 250 employees or more -- which between the two is estimated to be around half the work force -- would be entitled to three days of paid volunteering leave per year .
Thaskin currently lives abroad and has not returned home because of a corruption conviction that could result in a two-year prison sentence .
For example , knowing the details of only a person 's genetics , or their history and upbringing , or the current situation may not explain a behavior , but a deep understanding of all these variables combined can be very predictive .
For example , skin effect , proximity effect , and core losses increase R with frequency ; winding capacitance and variations in permeability with frequency affect L.
Wang Shuai , a spokesman for the Yingli solar energy company , commented that 30 % tariffs are unprofitable .
Kelsen believed that although law is separate from morality , it is endowed with `` normativity '' , meaning we ought to obey it .
No other trains were struck in the incident , but the train to Glasgow in the opposite direction was also left waiting at the platform while the situation was resolved .
Subsequently , Morosini sought to loot sculptures from the ruin and caused further damage in the process .
The prolonged regimen which includes three days of artesunate followed by three days of dihydroartemisinin -- piperaquine , has shown 2 % rate of failure at day 42 in the same area .
When a minister of the fifth grade or above received a death sentence the emperor might grant him a special dispensation allowing him to commit suicide in lieu of execution .
Both Eric and his `` brother '' George toured the world .
Because we 'd worked so well with the under-23s together as a unit .
But numbers remained relatively small until waves of mass emigration in the 19th century , when millions of poor families left Europe .
What was it about your district that made it unique in that it decided to merge ?
Many watercourses and coastal stretches have also been contaminated by industrial and agricultural activity , while because of rising water levels , Venice has been regularly flooded throughout recent years .
The BBC said Paxman had postponed his departure , after deciding upon it last summer , because Newsnight was going through `` a difficult period '' .
At the end of the first half , with the score 31 -- 33 in favour of China , Norwood led the Capitals in scoring with 11 points and was the only team member in double digits .
Earlier today , in the second game of sledge hockey play at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi , Russia , top-seeded Canada routed Sweden by a score of 10 -- 1 .
By lap 236 , cars began making green-flag pit stops , which led to Brad Keselowski taking the lead , but was forced to make his stop with nine laps remaining .
In August 1936 , in response to a growing economic crisis caused by his rearmament efforts , Hitler ordered Göring to implement a Four Year Plan to prepare Germany for war within the next four years .
It 's the only navy in Latin America that operates an aircraft carrier , NAe São Paulo , and one of the ten navies of the world to operate this type of ship .
Also included are chapters that entitles domestic workers to a contract that specifies the type of work , salary , the hours of work , paid leave , and days off .
Canberra started with Nicole Hunt , Jessica Bibby , Samantha Norwood , Ogoke , and Michelle Cosier on the floor .
A nurse at a senior activity center in Austin told media she 'd taken time to educate their facility 's clients about the virus and proper precautions ; Adding , `` They feel less alarmed and we try to protect our folks here -LSB- ... -RSB- '' .
`` Because of our deep commitment to jobs and growth , we have taken the responsible course to delay the return to surplus , and due to a savage hit to tax receipts , there will be a deficit of $ 18 billion in 2013/14 '' .
And Ellie Cole walked in and they announced : `` Ladies and gentlemen , this is Ellie Cole ! ''
The airspace above the Washington D.C. region is protected below 18,000 feet MSL -LRB- Mean Sea Level -RRB- with the roughly fifteen-nautical-mile-radius Flight Restricted Zone which surrounds the VHF omnidirectional range located at Washington National Airport , which handles regularly scheduled commercial flights .
Boehner 's re-election as House Speaker ended speculation that the Republican Party would split and nominate another candidate to challenge him for the gavel following internal tumult during the `` fiscal cliff '' negotiations last month .
The moment magnitude scale measures the amplitude of the shock , but also takes into account the seismic moment -LRB- total rupture area , average slip of the fault , and rigidity of the rock -RRB- .
The nutrient cycle includes the decomposition of dead bodies and bacteria are responsible for the putrefaction stage in this process .
In 1961 , the Navy ordered two 600-ton corvettes , the Keta and Kromantse from Vosper & Company and received them in 1967 .
Zech 's logarithm is related to the discrete logarithm in the multiplicative group of non-zero elements of a finite field .
According to Chakrabarti , he `` was forced to call police '' as he `` would have died at -LSB- the protesters ' -RSB- hands had the police not come '' ; after escorting him out , they arrested 35 students from the campus , including one female student .
Bacteriophages may harbour virulence factors or toxic genes in their genomes and identification of genes with similarity to known virulence factors or toxins by genomic sequencing may be prudent prior to use .
This group of people not only expanded over the whole of Africa , but also started to disperse out of Africa into Asia , Europe , and Australasia around 65.000 years ago and quickly replaced the archaic humans in these regions .
We have an opportunity today to tell our nation 's children that , no matter where they live and no matter who they love , there is nothing that they can not do .
The store had to fire about 40 -- 50 employees without a warning in advance .
In addition to hemocytes , the plasma also contains many chemicals .
With his father Ernst a defendant at the Nuremberg trials , Richard von Weizsäcker appeared before the court as a lawyer for his father 's defence .
Radio astronomy is different from most other forms of observational astronomy in that the observed radio waves can be treated as waves rather than as discrete photons .
Downstat refers to a negative impact on statistics gathered by Scientology members of the Sea Org due to critical investigations of the organization by the media .
As shown earlier , c − di is the complex conjugate of the denominator c + di .
Police informed media the incident occurred follwing a dispute which began at a nearby party where alcohol was being served .
A current South Korea presidential candidate for this year 's December elections , Ahn Cheol-soo , has promised to allow freedom of choice of encryption technology for online financial transactions if he is elected .
She said ongoing work to spot tidal disruptions could lead to `` reliable statistics about the rate at which galaxies merge '' .
In the standard periodic table , the elements are listed in order of increasing atomic number -LRB- the number of protons in the nucleus of an atom -RRB- .
Conversely , the majority of Western historians have perceived him as a person who manipulated events in order to attain and then retain political power , moreover considering his ideas as attempts to ideologically justify his pragmatic policies .
The values and institutions of the Revolution dominate French politics to this day .
The organizers decided to find out who the symbol of the festival was , and if he was alive .
You 've probably heard of it .
The comparable class GE AC6000CW whose prime mover has almost the same brake power uses a 4-stroke engine .
BBC broadcaster Jacqui Oatley , the first woman to be a Match of the Day commentator for the network , is quoted by the Sunday Telegraph as saying , `` What a missed opportunity .
Citibank was the institution with the highest percentage of closures ending with no relief at 26.0 % .
Veterinary oncology , concentrating mainly on cats and dogs , is a growing specialty in wealthy countries and the major forms of human treatment such as surgery and radiotherapy may be offered .
Any changes of current and therefore in the magnetic flux through the cross-section of the inductor creates an opposing electromotive force in the conductor .
The Sack of Rome in 410 by the Visigoths and again in 455 by the Vandals accelerated the Western Empire 's decay , while the deposition of the emperor , Romulus Augustulus , in 476 by Odoacer , is generally accepted to mark the end of the empire in the west .
The protest started with speakers on a megaphone , and was followed by a march around the plaza several times with the leaders holding a large banner .
The government wish to prevent serving newspaper editors from being on the appointments committee for the regulator while the press proposal seeks to require one of the four members of the committee to represent the press industry .
MacDonald wanted to resign , but King George V insisted he remain and form an all-party coalition `` National government . ''
Testing for poor hearing is recommended for all newborns .
Berlin iron jewellery reached its peak production between 1813 and 1815 , when the Prussian royal family urged citizens to donate gold and silver jewellery for military funding .
His stated intention was to deliver letters to all members of Congress concerning campaign finance statutes .
An unidentified 28-year-old man has been taken into custody after police in Northern Ireland seized a large amount of cannabis upon the planned police raid of a house in the town of Magherafelt Tuesday .
Kepler discovered that the square of the orbital period of each planet is directly proportional to the cube of the semi-major axis of its orbit , or equivalently , that the ratio of these two values is constant for all planets in the Solar System .
One of the Greeks competitors rolled his electric wheelchair around , whilst smiling and posing for photos .
However , the collapsing Ottoman economy could not sustain the fleet 's strength for too long .
What this entails is a more complex relationship to technology than either techno-optimists or techno-pessimists tend to allow . ''
This March , doctors fertilised one of these eggs , and placed the resulting embryo in Ms Sert 's functioning transplanted womb .
Davie himself collected non-Western art and liked tattoos , graffiti , and ` outsider art ' .
Michelangelo was an active sculptor from about 1500 to 1520 , and his great masterpieces including his David , Pietà , Moses .
As the Encyclopédie gained popularity , it was published in quarto and octavo editions after 1777 .
Prime Minister David Cameron previously said Johnson was a `` great striker you want on the pitch '' .
The states that allow for some form of same-sex marriage number 17 plus Washington , DC .
These local government areas have elected councils which are responsible for functions delegated to them by the New South Wales Government .
Another found that if one takes into account chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- in those with PAD , the benefit of obesity no longer exists .
More concretely , the wave function of a particle describes its physical state and lies in the vector space L2 -LRB- the functions φ : R3 → C such that
The device was first described in a patent application he filed in Hungary in March 1926 for a television system he dubbed `` Radioskop '' .
They survey was conducted from August 2011 to March 2012 , with the exceptions of Canada where data was colected from November 2011 to June 2012 , and France from September to November 2012 .
In such cases the cofferdam is fabricated from sheet steel and welded into place under water .
North American Aerospace Defense Command -LRB- NORAD -RRB- also confirmed the successful launch in a statement saying , `` Initial indications are that the first stage fell into the Yellow Sea .
During a preliminary , Russian Obotin set a new European Deaf Swimming Championships record in the the 400 meter medley event , breaking German Bjorn Koch 's record set at the 2010 Dortmund , Germany hosted championship .
United States President Barack Obama appeared in the State Dining Room at the White House Thursday night saying he was authorizing two operations in Iraq against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant -LRB- ISIL -RRB- insurgency .
There are several tactical constructs aimed at capturing stones .
The meeting of deputy foreign ministers is to be attended by Brunei , Malaysia , Vietnam , and the host country .
He sees the rush to support Markey as unusual , and as a way to discourage Democratic challengers to Markey .
In the 1850s , Lincoln believed in `` providence '' in a general way , and rarely used the language or imagery of the evangelicals ; he regarded the republicanism of the Founding Fathers with an almost religious reverence .
In the West , Ögedei 's general Chormaqan destroyed Jalal ad-Din Mingburnu , the last shah of the Khwarizmian Empire .
This is the most productive part of the trees where maximum food is produced .
For example , in 2014 , the International Diabetes Federation -LRB- IDF -RRB- estimated that diabetes resulted in 4.9 million deaths worldwide , using modeling to estimate the total amount of deaths that could be directly or indirectly attributed to diabetes .
This work can also help to explain processes that occur within the Earth , such as subduction and magma chamber evolution .
In 1897 , English physicist J. J. Thomson was able , in his three famous experiments , to deflect cathode rays , a fundamental function of the modern cathode ray tube -LRB- CRT -RRB- .
The word bonsai is often used in English as an umbrella term for all miniature trees in containers or pots .
Gauss 's intellectual abilities attracted the attention of the Duke of Brunswick , who sent him to the Collegium Carolinum -LRB- now Braunschweig University of Technology -RRB- , which he attended from 1792 to 1795 , and to the University of Göttingen from 1795 to 1798 .
Internet access in Finland is high with men slightly ahead ; for men and women alike access stands at around 85 % .
Death sentences for such crimes were handed down and carried out during the Nuremberg Trials in 1946 and the Tokyo Trials in 1948 , but the current International Criminal Court does not use capital punishment .
The President of the United States , Barack Obama , called Lee `` a true giant of history . ''
Reports indicate the train was travelling at an excessive speed -- 180 kilometers an hour , more than twice the recommended speed of 80 kilometers an hour .
The Senate in Uruguay voted 23 -- 8 on Tuesday to legalise same-sex marriage following approval from the country 's lower house in December .
Perestroika relaxed the production quota system , allowed private ownership of businesses and paved the way for foreign investment .
During its previous northern solstice in 1944 , Uranus displayed elevated levels of brightness , which suggests that the north pole was not always so dim .
An alternative type of `` inter-modal '' vehicle , known as a roadrailer , is designed to be physically attached to the train .
28 skiers started the Slalom event but only 13 managed to place .
The New York Stock Exchange trading floor is closed today and is to remain closed tomorrow but electronic transactions are still able to take place .
He announced two financial years of deficits before the budget returned to surplus in 2016/2017 .
The Vikings were often depicted with winged helmets and in other clothing taken from Classical antiquity , especially in depictions of Norse gods .
This is called saturation because current is flowing from collector to emitter freely .
Representative John Boehner was re-elected as Speaker of the US House of Representatives on Tuesday despite a right-wing rebellion of 25 members .
Finnish born Ikonen had been suspended for six months following the Vancouver Games following a positive doping test .
Based on this data , this icefield formed between 1,250 and 1,450 years BP .
There 's a very important balance to strike between security and freedoms , and we would not want to see very legitimate security concerns be used to permanently erode human rights . ''
With Necho 's death , work was discontinued .
In total , ten people died after the crash , which involved two helicopters .
In response the government claims opposition politicians wish to delay the votes to retain their seats .
Whilst here , she is to obtain feedback from the Australian Paralympic community regarding government support of sport for the disabled .
`` On the eve of Independence Day we are starting an initiative called ` Our Colours , ' which is devoted to the Ukrainian flag '' -LRB- -LRB- uk -RRB- -RRB- Ukrainian language : Напередодні Дня Незалежності ми починаємо ініціативу '' Наші Кольори '' , яка присвячена українському прапору , wrote Poroshenko .
Epic poetry , including the Odyssey , the Gathas , and the Indian Vedas , appears to have been composed in poetic form as an aid to memorization and oral transmission , in prehistoric and ancient societies .
But leaves a tough gig for whoever comes next . ''
As previously addressed , Secale cereale can survive through many climates and in many environments .
Bhattacharya added SBI has no longer any incentive to run its gold deposit scheme as it can not fully deploy the assets , noting SBI is the party most involved with gold deposits in India .
Hall skipped the event .
Morris Eagle states that it has been `` demonstrated quite conclusively that because of the epistemologically contaminated status of clinical data derived from the clinical situation , such data have questionable probative value in the testing of psychoanalytic hypotheses '' .
Well into the 1960s Spanish was still commonly spoken on 14th Street .
Lilius 's work was expanded upon by Christopher Clavius in a closely argued , 800-page volume .
Yesterday , a spokesperson for the 2014 Games said , `` All Commonwealth nations and territories are entitled to compete in the Commonwealth Games .
It also studies the meanings and uses people attribute to various objects and practices .
The fighting could last for days with the possibility of a ground offensive by the IDF .
Real Madrid lost the first leg of the round at an away match against Celta Vigo 1 -- 2 and needed to win this game by a score of 1 -- 0 to advance .
Mitchell had been told he could not ride his bicycle in Downing Street .
Since 1900 , classical periods have been reckoned more by calendar century than by particular stylistic movements that have become fragmented and difficult to define .
This occurs after two Canadian Forces members were struck two days ago by a vehicle reportedly driven by a jihadist sympathizer , leaving one member dead .
So the national championships and what they call the Olympic selection qualifiers .
Following the 2011 Japanese Fukushima nuclear disaster , authorities shut down the nation 's 54 nuclear power plants , but it has been estimated that if Japan had never adopted nuclear power , accidents and pollution from coal or gas plants would have caused more lost years of life .
As such , culture in the sociological field can be defined as the ways of thinking , the ways of acting , and the material objects that together shape a people 's way of life .
The romantic era was characterized by opening gambits -LRB- sacrificing pawns or even pieces -RRB- , daring attacks , and brazen sacrifices .
All this occurred while a United Nations Security Council meeting was held in New York City at the request of Jordan .
Chatrang was taken up by the Muslim world after the Islamic conquest of Persia -LRB- 633 -- 44 -RRB- , where it was then named shatranj , with the pieces largely retaining their Persian names .
Its emphatic counterpart / ɬˠ ~ ɮˤ / was considered by Arabs to be the most unusual sound in Arabic -LRB- Hence the Classical Arabic 's appellation لُغَةُ ٱلضَّادِ lughat al-ḍād or `` language of the ḍād '' -RRB- ; for most modern dialects , it has become an emphatic stop / dˤ / with loss of the laterality or with complete loss of any pharyngealization or velarization , / d / .
There is no gauge to measure water quantities inside the tank , used to store contaminated water after the initial accident .
They may be able to record spoken messages , send and receive text messages , take and display photographs or video , play music or games , surf the Internet , do road navigation or immerse the user in virtual reality .
The correlation between social class and BMI varies globally .
The Ticho House in downtown Jerusalem houses the paintings of Anna Ticho and the Judaica collections of her husband , an ophthalmologist who opened Jerusalem 's first eye clinic in this building in 1912 .
'' -LSB- W -RSB- e 've come a long way since the 1980s and Band Aid 's Do They Know It 's Christmas ?
A review in 1989 found that in developed countries women of a high social class were less likely to be obese .
Among some of the Native Americans in the United States there is a belief in a metaphysical principle called the `` Great Mystery '' -LRB- Siouan : Wakan Tanka , Algonquian : Gitche Manitou -RRB- .
Among these , the sponges -LRB- Porifera -RRB- were long thought to have diverged first , representing the oldest animal phylum .
-LRB- The index finger is most commonly used here . -RRB-
Antibiotics , also called antibacterials , are a type of antimicrobial drug used in the treatment and prevention of bacterial infections .
Prime Minister David Cameron said the decision was `` disappointing '' : `` This is about the principle that senior members of the Royal Family are able to express their views to government confidentially .
A male driver has been hospitalised with serious head injuries after the car he was in crashed into the corner of a house in Suffolk in the east of the United Kingdom .
Probably the most sophisticated technology we used was the microscope under which we counted pollen grains .
Cameron also reiterated his support for the French-backed intervention in Mali , denying suggestions put to him that foreign intervention in Islamic countries would lead to a backlash against Western nations by al-Qaeda .
The vast majority -LRB- 99 % -RRB- are family-operated and small , averaging only 8 hectares in size .
The destruction of neuronal cells produces lesions within the spinal ganglia ; these may also occur in the reticular formation , vestibular nuclei , cerebellar vermis , and deep cerebellar nuclei .
This was driven in large part by record company reissues of early jazz classics by the Oliver , Morton , and Armstrong bands of the 1930s .
In 1965 the Kubricks bought Abbots Mead on Barnet Lane , just south of the Elstree/Borehamwood studio complex in England .
Pitch and yaw stabilities of conventional fixed wing designs require horizontal and vertical stabilisers , which act similarly to the feathers on an arrow .
34 -- 30 Ma a deeper seaway developed , followed by an Eocene -- Oligocene climatic deterioration and the growth of the Antarctic ice sheet .
However , at the time that the Pseudo-Bede wrote , the masculine noun coliseus was applied to the statue rather than to what was still known as the Flavian amphitheatre .
By its very nature , conceptualising a supply curve requires the firm to be a perfect competitor -LRB- i.e. to have no influence over the market price -RRB- .
The history of life was that of the unicellular eukaryotes , prokaryotes and archaea until about 610 million years ago when multicellular organisms began to appear in the oceans in the Ediacaran period .
In the 1990s , the growth of low-cost communication networks cut the cost of communicating between different countries .
In the moments after the penalty players and officials from both teams started a brawl on the pitch .
Chiang ignored the orders of the Wuhan-based left KMT government and marched on Shanghai , a city controlled by Communist militias .
When the Associated Press contacted the police headquarters in Zhaoyuan , they were told by a clerk there was no one available for comment .
One speaker , a schoolteacher , challenged the mainstream media 's acceptance of UKIP 's assertion the party is not racist , stating her primary school pupils were more-capable of identifying racism and would be pointing its presence out within UKIP were they present .
There were 58 on board when TransAsia Airways Flight 235 crashed into the city 's Keelung River .
The WNBA gets more viewers on national television broadcasts -LRB- 413,000 -RRB- than both Major League Soccer -LRB- 253,000 -RRB- and the NHL -LRB- 310,732 -RRB- .
In the case of normal faults , the rock mass is pushed down in a vertical direction , thus the pushing force -LRB- greatest principal stress -RRB- equals the weight of the rock mass itself .
And then I have a dear friend of mine who went to high school with him down in Seymour in Jackson County .
There have been only fifteen confirmed sightings in the nation and around 60 worldwide .
Spain 's vision impaired skier Jon Santacana , who won Spain 's only two medals in the competition , failed to finish his second run in the Super Combined .
Labour 's Yvette Cooper is to formally announce a new policy today to protect 10,000 police officers ' jobs by eliminating elected Police and Crime Commissioners and gun licensing subsidy , and sharing of police back-office services and procurement .
Chanel 's fashion house avers there is no evidence that any affair between Chanel and Stravinsky ever occurred .
The molecular phylogeny gave us the separation between species , from there our job was to focus on finding morphological differences between these groups .
`` Every time I got money from a donation , I 'd pay off a label or publisher . ''
Officials used a sonar device to locate Perkins ' body .
Due to inflation khoums and iraimbilanja have in practice fallen into disuse .
In 2015 , Paris received 22.2 million visitors , making it one of the world 's top tourist destinations .
When an atom gains an electron and thus has more electrons than protons , the atom is a negatively charged ion or anion .
Meles Zenawi , the Prime Minister of Ethiopia , died this week on Monday at the age of 57 years of an undisclosed illness at a Brussels hospital .
In 1878 the effect of short-wavelength light on sterilizing bacteria was discovered .
The alloys of the other three metals have been developed relatively recently ; due to their chemical reactivity they require electrolytic extraction processes .
News reports have revealed that the abuse may have occurred between April 2003 and April 2005 .
In a statement , Grieve made a case for it being in the public interest to not release the documents .
Last Thursday , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott supported lack of transparency on the issue .
It is considered by some to be requisite in learning realistic unarmed combat .
The figures illustrate the effects of a full year of 48 Japanese power reactors producing no power during the year .
From Zunyi , Mao led his troops to Loushan Pass , where they faced armed opposition but successfully crossed the river .
Prior to the Russian revolution of 1917 , Lenin wrote that `` The socialization of production is bound to lead to the conversion of the means of production into the property of society ... This conversion will directly result in an immense increase in productivity of labour , a reduction of working hours , and the replacement of the remnants , the ruins of small-scale , primitive , disunited production by collective and improved labour . ''
Their article included quotes from the leaked documents like '' `` The data traffic gives us internal video teleconferences of the United Nations -LRB- yay ! -RRB- '' .
Although having some worries , Jimmy Philmont , 39 , of Fairfield told Wikinews , '' -LSB- ... -RSB- I do n't let it keep me up at night .
Strauss argued that the unavoidable nature of such arms races , which have existed before modern times and led to the collapse of peaceful civilisations , provides us with both an explanation of what is most truly dangerous in Machiavelli 's innovations , but also the way in which the aims of his apparently immoral innovation can be understood .
The `` Doctors ' plot '' was a plot outlined by Stalin and Soviet officials in 1952 and 1953 whereby several doctors -LRB- over half of whom were Jewish -RRB- allegedly attempted to kill Soviet officials .
The Melittidae are known from Palaeomacropis eocenicus in the Early Eocene .
This morning all the conference attendees gathered together to grieve and talk about the loss of Cindy .
In the peripheral nervous system , the most common problem is the failure of nerve conduction , which can be due to different causes including diabetic neuropathy and demyelinating disorders such as multiple sclerosis and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
Upon re-entry in the Earth 's atmosphere , Orion achieved speeds of 20,000 miles per hour -LRB- 32,000 kilometers per hour -RRB- and temperatures reached 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit -LRB- 2200 degrees Celsius -RRB- .
There has not yet been sufficient detailed work to disentangle their effects , but it appears that fallow deer and muntjac have particularly strong effects on woodlands and other biodiversity .
Prior to the arrival of troops , Haiti had not encountered problems related to the disease since the 1800s .
A watershed stroke refers to the condition when the blood supply to these areas is compromised .
However , in many British and American schools and synagogues , this pronunciation retains several elements of its Ashkenazi substrate , especially the distinction between tsere and segol .
Language and conventional wisdom are critically assessed .
Ryanair called the documentary `` false and defamatory '' .
Two other teachers and two students received non-life-threatening injuries in the attack .
Our bees were able to pick the rewarded flower 80 % of the time when the electric field was present as a cue .
Brian Tooke , a former nurse at the now closed De La Pole Hospital in Willerby , said : `` I was appalled when I heard it all -- they are vulnerable people and should be protected .
Wine has long played an important role in religion .
Both were tied up with bedsheets and shoelaces and stabbed ; the co-worker survived by feigning death .
Decisively defeating an allied army of Thebes and Athens at the Battle of Chaeronea -LRB- 338 BC -RRB- , he became de facto hegemon of all of Greece , except Sparta .
The challengers to Boehner came primarily from the libertarian and hard right wing of the party , sometimes associated with the Tea Party movement .
Throughout his entire career , Presley performed in only three venues outside the United States -- all of them in Canada , during brief tours there in 1957 .
The history of the Ottoman Empire during World War I began with the Ottoman surprise attack on the Russian Black Sea coast on 29 October 1914 .
The central area of the city along the Seine River is classified as a UNESCO Heritage Site and includes many notable monuments , including Notre Dame Cathedral -LRB- 12th century to 13th century -RRB- ; the Sainte-Chapelle -LRB- 13th century -RRB- ; the Eiffel Tower -LRB- 1889 -RRB- ; the Grand Palais and Petit Palais -LRB- 1900 -RRB- ; and the Basilica of Sacré-Cœur in Montmartre -LRB- 1914 -RRB- .
In fact , this was precisely what was being created , though this `` dual power '' -LRB- dvoevlastie -RRB- was the result less of the actions or attitudes of the leaders of these two institutions than of actions outside their control , especially the ongoing social movement taking place on the streets of Russia 's cities , in factories and shops , in barracks and in the trenches , and in the villages .
His harmonic innovations include movements in which the first section ends in the key of the subdominant rather than the dominant -LRB- as in the last movement of the Trout Quintet -RRB- .
In February 1921 , workers went on strike in Petrograd , resulting in the government proclaiming martial law in the city and sending in the Red Army to quell demonstrations .
The Games in 2020 in Tokyo will offer athletes , spectators and Olympic and Paralympic family members a true once-in-a-lifetime experience . ''
Under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 , these are currently subject to a ten year prison sentence , but the punishment would now risk imprisonment for life .
Conversely , states such as Virginia and Massachusetts in the United States of America did not have sovereign status , but had significant political and economic independence coupled with weak federal control , reducing the incentive to secede .
And they talked to her about possibly becoming the manager of the Gliders moving forward if Marion ever wanted to retire .
Tesla was born on 10 July -LSB- O.S. 28 June -RSB- 1856 into a Serb family in the village of Smiljan , Austrian Empire -LRB- modern-day Croatia -RRB- .
The outstanding architectural work of the High Renaissance was the rebuilding of St. Peter 's Basilica , combining the skills of Bramante , Michelangelo , Raphael , Sangallo and Maderno .
But because of slight differences in the strength of the Earth 's gravitational field at different places , the distinction becomes important for measurements with a precision better than a few percent , and for places far from the surface of the Earth , such as in space or on other planets .
Following his election as president in 1789 , he worked to unify rival factions in the fledgling nation .
Although evidence could suggest Iran 's willingness to supply arms to Hamas , in a report compiled on November 2 , by the Syrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Emigrants , Iran is trying to stop weapons from being sent into Syria for the Free Syrian Army -LRB- FSA -RRB- .
Picasso 's artistic style did not fit the Nazi ideal of art , so he did not exhibit during this time .
The Papacy reached the height of its power during the High Middle Ages .
That was set aside the following year and in January 2013 a conviction was substituted with a life sentence .
Reuters is also reporting at least two policemen were shot .
Comedian Jason Manford also arranged comedy gigs to assist with Sutton 's campaign .
Airplanes can instead use jet engines and helicopters can instead employ turboshafts ; both of which are types of turbines .
Local dialects of Spanish , Mexican Spanish generally , and the Spanish language worldwide have all been influenced , in varying degrees , by Nahuatl .
The bloodless animals were also divided into five groups : cephalopods , crustaceans , insects -LRB- which included the spiders , scorpions , and centipedes , in addition to what we define as insects today -RRB- , shelled animals -LRB- such as most molluscs and echinoderms -RRB- , and `` zoophytes '' -LRB- animals that resemble plants -RRB- .
Australia boasts the richest diamantiferous pipe , with production from the Argyle diamond mine reaching peak levels of 42 metric tons per year in the 1990s .
Between 1941 and 1942 Peru and Ecuador fought decisively for territories claimed by both that were annexed by Peru , removing from Ecuador its frontier with Brazil .
Rizzo added , `` Given the magnitude of the storm , it 's really a miracle that no one sustained more serious injuries '' .
Brady said `` the proudest moment of our lives '' was in 1993 when President Bill Clinton signed into effect the Brady Bill , tightening gun law legislation .
The news came only days after German-based Bauer Media announced the merger of two of their most popular Australian magazines , with an expected loss of half the production staff by early next year .
Smaller regions of the oceans are called seas , gulfs , bays and other names .
Kamara , a T46 classified athletics competitor , is scheduled to race in the men 's 100 and 200 metre events in London .
The severity of the so-called Bloody Code was often tempered by juries who refused to convict , or judges , in the case of petty theft , who arbitrarily set the value stolen at below the statutory level for a capital crime .
It was not until the reign of Diocletian that the empire was fully stabilized with the introduction of the Tetrarchy , which saw four emperors rule the empire at once .
From agricultural and horticulture perspectives , the two categories of nematodes are the predatory ones , which will kill garden pests like cutworms and corn earworm moths , and the pest nematodes , like the root-knot nematode , which attack plants , and those that act as vectors spreading plant viruses between crop plants .
Cardinal numbers define the size of sets , meaning how many members they contain , and can be standardized by choosing the first ordinal number of a certain size to represent the cardinal number of that size .
One of these paintings was St. Jerome in the Wilderness , which Bortolon associates with a difficult period of Leonardo 's life , as evidenced in his diary : `` I thought I was learning to live ; I was only learning to die . ''
These errors are known as silent data corruption , some of which may be caused by hard disk drive malfunctions .
Internationally , he acted as mediator in the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing trial and served as Secretary-General of the Non-Aligned Movement from 1998 to 1999 .
However , this is often considered a myth by linguists .
Nowadays , a yardstick used to determine the best locations for wind energy development is referred to as wind power density -LRB- WPD -RRB- .
In particular , the Roslin Institute of Edinburgh , Scotland used sheep for genetics research that produced groundbreaking results .
Kevin Harvick , pole-sitter Denny Hamlin , Dale Earnhardt , Jr. , Greg Biffle and last week 's race winner Jamie McMurray rounded out the top ten .
According to Cara Sutherland in her book on the statue for the Museum of the City of New York , 90,800 kilos -LRB- 200,000 pounds -RRB- was needed to build the statue , and the French copper industrialist Eugène Secrétan donated 58,100 kilos -LRB- 128,000 pounds -RRB- of copper .
In the UK , you would have to go back to the late 1700s to find the last time a Prime Minister was truly rebuffed on a matter of military intervention .
Therefore , Schmitt advocated a jurisprudence of the exception -LRB- state of emergency -RRB- , which denied that legal norms could encompass all of political experience .
The following references provide only a small selection of introductory English-language texts .
It is unlikely the kind of parade to influence further hostility .
When the Greeks adapted the Phoenician alphabet , they took over not only the letter shapes and sound values , but also the names by which the sequence of the alphabet could be recited and memorized .
I did that with Glenn Campbell , all the guys '' , Blaine said .
Twain , Olivia , and their daughter Susy were all faced with health problems , and they believed that it would be of benefit to visit European baths .
Several foreign journalists have been staying in the Al-Showa building in Gaza which was damaged by the airstrike .
Ironically the German panzer units , so effectively employed in the invasion of France in 1940 , utilized similar theories , while the French dispersed and wasted their armor .
It is highly likely that there will never be universal agreement as to what does and what does not constitute a genuine Rembrandt .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- Previous research on the boundary between conventional and quantum physics has used atoms and individual molecules .
These gas vans were developed and run under supervision of the SS-Reichssicherheitshauptamt -LRB- Reich Main Security Office -RRB- and were used to kill about 500,000 people , primarily Jews but also Romani and others .
Tedesco explained he was moved to begin the documentary when he learned his father , guitarist Tommy Tedesco , had cancer in 1996 .
In 2011 , she earned her PhD from Indiana University .
ONCE scored another basket at the 5:39 mark .
Starting as a teenager , Geldof wrote for magazines and newspapers including Elle , the The Daily Telegraph and The Guardian , as well as presenting OMG !
After finishing his campaign in the East and West India , Vikramaditya -LRB- Chandragupta II -RRB- proceeded northwards , subjugated the Parasikas , then the Hunas and the Kambojas tribes located in the west and east Oxus valleys respectively .
Top Gear will not be broadcast this Sunday .
What the system being envisaged will only produce around 500 kilowatts , but this is the beginning of what I hope will be a pattern , the trend in the future . ''
The formation of the Central American Isthmus closed the Central American Seaway at the end of the Pliocene 2.8 Ma ago .
The mission reverted to the flight plan used on Soyuz flights to the ISS previously : a longer , two-day , 34-orbit rendezvous .
Other landforms include plains largely covered by gravels and angular boulders , from which the finer particles have been stripped by the wind .
This vacuum state is called high vacuum , and the study of fluid flows in this regime is called particle gas dynamics .
And she has since become a women 's health activist .
In the present more philosophical era it would hardly be allowable to have recourse to the same method and call it Juno , Pallas , Apollo or Minerva , for a name to our new heavenly body .
Mohňanský told the TASR news agency , `` At the moment , we have fifteen stork nests occupied .
According to Ortega , this was to be a significant investigation into Scientology .
Area police do not believe the two events are related .
The chemical used is synthetic pyrethroid ; a specialist participating in the action told media the planes are normally loaded with chemicals just before take off , to minimize light exposure .
Some groups were banned altogether from the Colosseum , notably gravediggers , actors and former gladiators .
Ant societies have division of labour , communication between individuals , and an ability to solve complex problems .
These were then immersed in an electrolyte solution which created a working battery .
Radar imagery forecasting techniques show higher skill than model forecasts within 6 to 7 hours of the time of the radar image .
Gowda emphasized use of public-private partnerships -LRB- PPPs -RRB- to fund future projects .
In the communique , the embassy confirms the Iranians are supplying helicopters and Ukrainian made weapons to Hamas , which operates mostly from the Gaza Strip in Palestine .
The genus Spirogyra is a filamentous streptophyte alga familiar to many , as it is often used in teaching and is one of the organisms responsible for the algal `` scum '' that pond-owners so dislike .
The same thermodynamic considerations about the expansion apply .
Plans to artificially oxygenate areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication have been proposed by the University of Gothenburg and Inocean AB .
As of 2015 , 40 % of the francophone population -LRB- including L2 and partial speakers -RRB- is in Europe , 35 % in sub-Saharan Africa , 15 % in North Africa and the Middle East , 8 % in the Americas , and 1 % in Asia and Oceania .
Pakistani Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan called the killing of Mehsud `` not just the killing of person , it 's the death of all peace efforts '' .
The processes of Earth 's climate and ecosystem are driven by the radiant energy Earth receives from the sun and the geothermal energy contained within the earth .
In the late 1920s , Heigo became a benshi -LRB- silent film narrator -RRB- for Tokyo theaters showing foreign films , and quickly made a name for himself .
Nitrogen compounds have a very long history , ammonium chloride having been known to Herodotus .
The Special Marriage Act allowed Muslims to marry under it and thereby retain the protections , generally beneficial to Muslim women , that could not be found in the personal law .
But the plan was abandoned because it wrongly concluded that the waterway would require locks to operate .
Reeves said of Osborne 's plans regarding the deficit : `` nobody will believe a word he says '' .
As Lincoln 's ideas of abolishing slavery grew , so did his supporters .
Non-material culture refers to the non-physical ideas that individuals have about their culture , including values , belief systems , rules , norms , morals , language , organizations , and institutions , while material culture is the physical evidence of a culture in the objects and architecture they make or have made .
China and Taiwan each claim nearly the whole sea while the countries attending the meeting claim parts of it .
Humanism focused on uniquely human issues , such as free will , personal growth , self-actualization , self-identity , death , aloneness , freedom , and meaning .
Arson has been ruled out with an official telling Ria Novosti an electrical fault is considered likely .
After the Gumi presentations , Governor-General Bryce addressed the media about the Gumi , stating that `` It 's so quirky and I love the way it brings this community together , this community that 's known for its fantastic spirit . ''
Its major exponents in English included the artist and poet William Blake and poets William Wordsworth , Samuel Taylor Coleridge , John Keats , Lord Byron and Percy Bysshe Shelley .
The first such shark identified was accidentally discovered by the US Navy off the coast of Hawaii when it became stuck in a ship 's anchor .
According to legal documents filed by Mandela 's family , he was at one stage on life support .
Peterhead prison has been replaced with the # 140 million `` super prison '' HMP Grampian , built next door to the Peterhead site .
In addition , there exists a hierarchy of stress level in the three fault types .
In Analects 3.12 he explains that religious rituals produce meaningful experiences .
Due to the complexity of the concept , research projects , articles , and discussions often remain focused on a single aspect of globalization .
Young and Fresnel combined Newton 's particle theory with Huygens ' wave theory to show that colour is the visible manifestation of light 's wavelength .
Statistical detections of inactive comet nuclei in the Kuiper belt have been reported from observations by the Hubble Space Telescope but these detections have been questioned .
Lord Framlingham criticised `` the Government 's complete rejection of any meaningful amendments '' and said the Bill `` is built entirely on pretence .
Myers was contacted by the father of Bali Nine member Scott Rush after the father suspected his son 's involvement in the operation , which aimed to import 8.3 kilograms of heroin into Australia , with an estimated street value of about A$ 4 million .
Voice communication from one submarine is transmitted by low power speakers into the water , where it is detected by passive sonars on the receiving submarine .
The Wikileaks Party has not been registered yet with the Australian Electoral Commission as they do not have 500 enrolled electors as of today .
Both of these are acute conditions , and can kill rapidly .
But that shows you that very large groups is not very effective for discussion and so the balance between not having just a single point of view from each country represented and between having just an unmanageable two-hundred-people conference -- because that becomes like a happening , like Wikimania , instead of a working conference .
The other major lenders in this space include Wells Fargo , JP Morgan Chase , PNC , and Discover .
Indeed this operation was undertaken because Putin et al openly and -LSB- ... -RSB- publicly declared their belief that Obama and other Western leaders are weak , irresolute , and afraid to act .
Last week , British actor Stephen Fry wrote an open letter to British Prime Minister David Cameron arguing the Winter Games ought to be relocated , and Russian President Vladimir Putin `` is making scapegoats of gay people , just as Hitler did Jews '' .
They are places where the deities live and where all the living things are either sacred or are companions of the gods .
Representative Thomas Washburne , Republican , Evansville , told Wikinews on April 27 that he was involved in conversations pertaining to needle exchange programs .
The largest denomination in Islam is Sunni Islam , which makes up 75 % -- 90 % of all Muslims and is arguably the world 's largest religious denomination .
This expands a previous decision made in 2005 allowing gay clergy with civil partners .
The solid wall , as used at the Pantheon , is lightened at St. Peter 's by Bramante piercing it with windows and encircling it with a peristyle .
Louis proved relatively more faithful to his second wife , Françoise d'Aubigné , Marquise de Maintenon .
At ZDNet Korean portal , the proposed policy change received comments about possible advances in making banking possible on mobile platforms .
In 1926 , Hungarian engineer Kálmán Tihanyi designed a television system utilizing fully electronic scanning and display elements and employing the principle of `` charge storage '' within the scanning -LRB- or `` camera '' -RRB- tube .
A Washington Post-ABC News poll published last week showed support for same-sex marriage in the United States was at an all time high at 58 % , an increase of 21 % since 2003 .
In a gravity dam , the force that holds the dam in place against the push from the water is Earth 's gravity pulling down on the mass of the dam .
Their bid is the least expensive of all the submitted bids .
Mario : This goes back to the prior topic , -LSB- ... -RSB- they were talking about new media .
In the new century , as wars became less violent and less frequent .
Canada was the third team to reserve their spot in the semi-finals after beating Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team 63 -- 47 .
The face matching accuracy was found to be independent of experience and training .
Unlike in England and Wales , where only the Attorney General can prosecute contempt of this sort , in Scotland the media organisations can be charged by an accused person .
The Pakistani Government ordered the fishermen released from two Karachi jails on Sunday .
Police have not given any further information regarding the evacuation .
She told a psychiatrist `` I killed to see how I would feel , to see if I was as cold as I thought I was , then it got moreish . ''
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- Bobby Shipman : Senator Delph , this is Bobby speaking now .
In The Spirit of Democracy , Larry Diamond argues that by 1974 , `` dictatorship , not democracy , was the way of the world '' , and that `` Barely a quarter of independent states chose their governments through competitive , free , and fair elections . ''
The Netherlands earned their spot after beating China 62 -- 52 .
So I saw that as an opportunity to get out of , I suppose , the teaching side of things at that stage did n't appeal to me , the coaching side did , the teaching side and the fact that you had to follow the curriculums , and some of the things you were n't allowed to have fun , to me if you 're going to learn you 've got to have fun .
Corresponding to this is also a political transition period in which the state can be nothing but the revolutionary dictatorship of the proletariat . ''
As the jury gave its guilty verdict , a shout from Aitchison 's family could be heard , calling the defendants a `` pair of monsters '' .
Dickson and Welch suggest that Ismail 's Shāhnāmaye Shāhī was intended as a present to the young Tahmāsp .
While the United Nations General Assembly adopted the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women -LRB- CEDAW -RRB- in 1979 , Fiji did not ratify it until August 1995 .
Sirisena also vowed to take on corruption in government : `` I will take all the steps to eliminate corruption , loopholes , and bribes completely from this country '' .
The trial was announced in the second half of 2013 , though the plan has been significantly modified over time and has come to be regulated under the National Parks and Wildlife Act , in contrast with the original proposal of recreational hunting in national parks , as it was announced in May 2012 by New South Wales Premier Barry O'Farrell .
`` Why did it take till Mr Hockey was asked a question on live TV for him to acknowledge this was an issue ? ''
Karl Löwith considered Marx and Søren Kierkegaard to be the two greatest Hegelian philosophical successors .
India 's first modern fighter aircraft is named HAL Tejas .
This was finally ended when Princess Taiping 's coup failed in 712 -LRB- she later hanged herself in 713 -RRB- and Emperor Ruizong abdicated to Emperor Xuanzong .
Mostly originating from different waves of immigration during the 19th and 20th centuries , an estimated 12,000 people speak German or a German variety as a first language in South Africa .
Another curler often sits behind the stone thrower to hold their chair in place while they execute their throw .
According to Kalla , Shakuntala is an allegorical dramatization of Pratyabhijna philosophy -LRB- a branch of Kashmir Shaivism -RRB- .
This refuted the traditional assumption of scholastic physics that the power of gravitational attraction remained constant with distance whenever it applied between two bodies , such as was assumed by Kepler and also by Galileo in his mistaken universal law that gravitational fall is uniformly accelerated , and also by Galileo 's student Borrelli in his 1666 celestial mechanics .
Calls for Murphy to resign came from multiple quarters , including trade unions Unite and ASLEF , as well as Labour MSPs Alex Rowley and Elaine Smith .
I left them on the bench , my wife Jane took a look at it and said , `` Hey !
Mao then married He Zizhen , an 18-year-old revolutionary who bore him five children over the following nine years .
Space scientists located on three continents have published a survey of hot flow anomalies -LRB- HFAs -RRB- observed at the bow shock of Venus , in Journal of Geophysical Research on Tuesday .
Mathematics and architecture are related , since , as with other arts , architects use mathematics for several reasons .
Without explaining the injury he asked `` does -LSB- anybody want -RSB- to say anything about my eyes in this picture or do -LSB- you not -RSB- give a shit -LSB- what -RSB- happens to me '' ?
`` This is a tragic incident , '' Inspector Simon Bradshaw of Lothian and Borders Police said , `` and we are currently in the process of carrying out inquiries in order to establish the full circumstances of the collision . ''
In the bataillon-carré system , the various corps of the Grande Armée would march uniformly together in close supporting distance .
In all , eleven black men were lynched over five days , and the riots forced hundreds of blacks to flee the city for Williamsburg , Brooklyn , and New Jersey ; the black population in Manhattan fell below 10,000 by 1865 , which it had last been in 1820 .
These data indicate that seasonal flu has spread and reached high levels several weeks before the usual time of late January or February .
The Cave of Chauvet in the Ardèche département , France , contains the most important cave paintings of the paleolithic era , dating from about 36,000 BCE .
In addition to the two deaths from yesterday 's storms , a 77-year-old man died yesterday from injuries sustained Wednesday in the town of Caernarfon , in Gwynedd , Wales .
The government has detained tens of thousands of Falungong members and , according to the group , tortured members for their beliefs .
They hope to cover the route , which is roughly 500 kilometers -LRB- 300 miles -RRB- long , in just ten days .
In that regard , authorities around the Mediterranean have made it a point to extinguish rising man-made chaotic zones that would affect the economies , societies in neighboring coastal countries , let alone shipping routes .
Brazilian jazz such as bossa nova is derived from samba , with influences from jazz and other 20th-century classical and popular music styles .
Some ants will raid stored food , others may damage indoor structures , some can damage agricultural crops directly -LRB- or by aiding sucking pests -RRB- , and some will sting or bite .
The device became famous for its use of a differential gear , previously believed to have been invented in the 16th century , and the miniaturization and complexity of its parts , comparable to a clock made in the 18th century .
For example , the carrion crow Corvus corone and the hooded crow Corvus cornix appear and are classified as separate species , yet they hybridise freely where their geographical ranges overlap .
From 1490 to 1492 , Michelangelo attended the Humanist academy that the Medici had founded along Neo-Platonic lines .
I really believe that we have to slash Medicare and Medicaid spending ; that Medicare is a program that you and I put $ 30,000 into in our lifetimes and we receive $ 100,000 plus benefits and by that whatever we contribute in we get back three times , more than three times what we contribute in .
These scale tones may replace the natural scale tones , or they may be added to the scale , as in the case of the minor blues scale , in which the flattened third replaces the natural third , the flattened seventh replaces the natural seventh and the flattened fifth is added between the natural fourth and natural fifth .
North Vietnam was allowed to continue supplying communist troops in the South , but only to the extent of replacing expended materiel .
Bedaquiline is tentatively supported for use in multiple drug-resistant TB .
So on the Wednesday he came back and said : `` We 're not going to allow you to go . ''
The faction led by Mashaal is , reportedly , said to be influenced by agendas of other countries in the region , such as Qatar and Turkey , and not solely from the interests of the Palestinian nation .
Liquid water can not persist on the lunar surface .
Here , he predicted that Russia 's liberal bourgeoisie would be sated by a transition to constitutional monarchy and thus betray the revolution ; instead he argued that the proletariat would have to build an alliance with the peasantry to overthrow the Tsarist regime and establish the `` provisional revolutionary democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and the peasantry '' .
Once the bin is filled with all of the drugs that a particular patient needs and that the robot stocks , the bin is then released and returned out on the conveyor belt to a technician waiting to load it into a cart for delivery to the floor .
Greater Manchester Police describe the thief as white , of medium build , aged between 30 and 40 , and six feet in height .
Some sections of the crowd were heard booing the state president Jacob Zuma when his image appeared on the stadium screen , prompting the program director Cyril Ramaphosa to call for discipline amongst the crowd .
Prime Minister Alexander Stubb supported the change to the law .
Evolutionary computation , a sub-field of artificial intelligence , involves the application of Darwinian principles to problems in computer science .
The city has endured periods of martial law , war and natural calamities .
However , being a party to the statute does not automatically give the Court jurisdiction over disputes involving those parties .
Conversely , many later Western communists such as Manuel Azcárate and Jean Ellenstein who were involved in the Eurocommunist movement expressed the view that Lenin and his ideas were irrelevant to their own objectives , thereby embracing a Marxist but not Marxist-Leninist perspective .
MacAnthony also spoke about the club 's current performance .
The Megachilidae are known from trace fossils -LRB- characteristic leaf cuttings -RRB- from the Middle Eocene .
It is a violation to lift , or drag , one 's pivot foot without dribbling the ball , to carry it , or to hold the ball with both hands then resume dribbling .
Memory is the ability to preserve , retain , and subsequently recall , knowledge , information or experience .
As a consequence , the probability that a randomly chosen number between 1 and x is prime is inversely proportional to the number of decimal digits of x .
The Mahler family came from eastern Bohemia and were of humble circumstances ; the composer 's grandmother had been a street pedlar .
Unlike treatment that is aimed at directly killing cancer cells , the primary goal of palliative care is to improve quality of life .
In Sweden , five years after Peter 's death , in 1730 Philip Johan von Strahlenberg published a new atlas proposing the Urals as the border of Asia .
Calls for the ouster of British government minister Maria Miller have been increasing following a claim by the Daily Telegraph newspaper that Miller 's special adviser used the threat of press regulation to try and prevent publication of a story about Miller 's expenses .
They have provided basic first aid training and aid kits to both the Afghan security forces and Taliban members because , according to an ICRC spokesperson , `` ICRC 's constitution stipulates that all parties harmed by warfare will be treated as fairly as possible '' .
Simon Clydedale from Greenpeace UK said of the fracking proposals : `` The prime minister is about to auction off over half of Britain to the frackers , including national parks and areas of outstanding natural beauty like the Cotswolds .
In Paris , Picasso entertained a distinguished coterie of friends in the Montmartre and Montparnasse quarters , including André Breton , poet Guillaume Apollinaire , writer Alfred Jarry , and Gertrude Stein .
The car belonged to a Youngstown resident .
Die Feen -LRB- The Fairies , 1833 -RRB- was unperformed in the composer 's lifetime and Das Liebesverbot -LRB- The Ban on Love , 1836 -RRB- was withdrawn after its first performance .
Ultimately , that 's why it 's taken so long -LSB- ... -RSB- By outlawing the possession of child pornography with the intent to satisfy sexual interest , we make it harder for people to trade in such material . ''
Lee 's family said in a statement yesterday `` We feel Joanne Dennehy brainwashed Kevin , causing him to make a bad decision , and he has paid for that with his life . ''
In his treatise Utopia -LRB- 1516 -RRB- , More portrayed a society based on common ownership of property , whose rulers administered it through the application of reason .
The full building programme included the family home , `` Wahnfried '' , into which Wagner , with Cosima and the children , moved from their temporary accommodation on 18 April 1874 .
The United States economy grew at a 0.4 % annual rate in the last three months of 2012 according to statistics released on Thursday by the United States Department of Commerce -LRB- USDOC -RRB- .
His run-off election bid against Fico was widely supported by mainstream parties and defeated candidates from the previous round of elections .
It was also the age of influential thinkers like Mahavira -LRB- referred to as ` Nigantha Nataputta ' in Pali Canon -RRB- -RRB- , Pūraṇa Kassapa , Makkhali Gosāla , Ajita Kesakambalī , Pakudha Kaccāyana , and Sañjaya Belaṭṭhaputta , as recorded in Samaññaphala Sutta , whose viewpoints the Buddha most certainly must have been acquainted with .
Over 20,000 women have served in Iraq and Afghanistan , about 130 killed in service there , and over 800 wounded .
These quantum shells correspond to a set of energy levels within the shell model of the nucleus ; filled shells , such as the filled shell of 50 protons for tin , confers unusual stability on the nuclide .
Sky is almost always included in the view , and weather is often an element of the composition .
Fortunately , the most of the Pichilemu houses are secure including mine .
Lord Neuberger , in giving the majority decision of the court , stated the Attorney General could not veto the release `` merely because he , a member of the executive , considering the same facts and arguments , takes a different view from that taken by the tribunal or court '' .
Herzi recalled there were not many people on the bus and said `` I felt the explosion ... smoke was everywhere , you could n't see a thing . ''
While the Viet Cong had both amphibious tanks -LRB- such as the PT-76 -RRB- and light tanks -LRB- such as the Type 62 -RRB- , they also used bicycles to transport munitions .
In quantum theory -LRB- see first quantization -RRB- the energy of the photons is thus directly proportional to the frequency of the EMR wave .
Even though it was not the capital city , Rio acted as a Brazilian unifier , and the fact that samba originated in Rio helped the unification process .
However , this does not mean that our current international law is devoid of any shortcomings .
Since then television has grown in the country , creating large public networks such as Globo , SBT , Record and Bandeirantes .
Romansh , spoken by two percent of the population in southeast Switzerland , is an ancient Rhaeto-Romanic language derived from Latin , remnants of ancient Celtic languages and perhaps Etruscan .
Popular literature holds the largest market share .
Their bodies were found in the cockpit , with leg fractures .
The enzyme lysozyme , found in human tears , also digests the cell wall of bacteria and is the body 's main defence against eye infections .
Terrestrial weather occurs almost exclusively in the lower part of the atmosphere , and serves as a convective system for redistributing heat .
Imagine a possible world in which everyone in a similar position to the real-world agent followed that maxim .
In the visual arts , notable cricket paintings include Albert Chevallier Tayler 's Kent vs Lancashire at Canterbury -LRB- 1907 -RRB- and Russell Drysdale 's The Cricketers -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , which has been called `` possibly the most famous Australian painting of the 20th century . ''
On the cockpit voice recorder , the captain can be heard trying to get back into the cockpit .
This human dispersal left abundant traces along the coasts of the Atlantic Ocean .
The Indian Navy has said that two explosions yesterday on INS Sindhurakshak , a Russian-built Kilo-class submarine , have trapped up to eighteen of its sailors .
Belcher thanked them for their support and then proceeded to shoot himself .
Three French sport stars are among the dead following a helicopter crash on Monday in Villa Castelli , Argentina .
On Monday , UNHCR received information from authorities that 41 people had been rescued and 98 bodies recovered .
Sergeant Lawless has asked members of the public to contact police with any information that may be relevant to the investigation .
Nearly all the newly discovered planets are smaller than Neptune ; with several only 2.5 times the diameter of Earth , and located within their star 's habitable zone .
Alleged violation of the Arabian Sea maritime boundary of Karachi -RSB- -RSB- led the fishermen to imprisonment in the Malir and Landhi District Jail .
Hokusai also wrote directly to another blockcutter involved in the project , Sugita Kinsuke , stating that he disliked the Utagawa-school style in which Kinsuke had cut the figure 's eyes and noses and that amendments would need to be made for the final prints to be true to Hokusai 's style .
It does not include ownership of other BACT teams including the Capitals Academy SEABL team , the Canberra Gunners , and the Gunners Academy .
Guinea pigs were first raised for food around 2500 B.C. and by 1500 B.C. had become the main source of meat for the Inca Empire .
The rate of inflow of air into the lungs during inhalation at sea level is therefore twice that which occurs at 5500 m. However , in reality , inhalation and exhalation occur far more gently and less abruptly than in the example given .
The buildup of silt deposits was such that even after the Yellow River later shifted its course , the Huai could no longer flow along its historic course , but instead , its water pools into Hongze Lake and then runs southward toward the Yangtze River .
New roads , parks , residential and recreational areas were developed as part of this project .
Items that were likely made of iron by Egyptians date from 3000 to 2500 BCE .
If you are suspected of committing a crime , and we have enough reasonable cause to do so , we are going to do our job and make an arrest , '' said Lieutenant David Denz of the New York state police department to WGRZ 's ' 2 On Your Side . '
Qubaty called the attacks `` a plot to widen the schism between the Sunnis and Zaydis '' .
The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , where he subsequently died .
The government have not given details of how couples already in a civil partnership will be able to convert to a marriage .
Finally , another approach often cited in debates of scientific skepticism against controversial movements like `` creation science '' is methodological naturalism .
The Supreme Court of Alabama yesterday ordered all judges to halt in issuing same-sex marriage licenses in the state .
Hall became the Atlanta Public School Superintendent in 1999 .
Bob Dylan described the sensation of first hearing Presley as `` like busting out of jail '' .
Worldwide , tropical cyclone activity peaks in late summer , when the difference between temperatures aloft and sea surface temperatures is the greatest .
Short-period comets are thought to originate in the Kuiper belt , whereas long-period comets , such as Hale -- Bopp , are thought to originate in the Oort cloud .
Proper post-harvest storage aimed at extending and ensuring shelf life is best effected by efficient cold chain application .
-LSB- ... -RSB- We want the story here to be the great festival of sport that has already taken place in Sochi and will continue now that athletes are arriving for the start of the Winter Paralympics . ''
The remaining 14.4 % of all complaints about consumer mortgages were divided between about 530 other lending institutions .
Kerry stated the US position was support for `` universal suffrage in Hong Kong , accordant with the Basic Law '' .
Another group , Falungong , also illegalized as an `` evil cult '' , was suppressed by the government in 1999 , and reportedly had a membership of millions .
Portugal won two of their three matches in pool play , losing one , and taking 14 points with only four scored against them .
Arthaud , 57 , was a yachtswoman who won the 1990 Route du Rhum .
The Palestinian delegation to next week 's talks are to be led by Fatah representative Azzam el-Ahmad , with delegates from the Palestine Liberation Organization -LRB- PLO -RRB- , from Hamas , and from the Palestinian Islamic Jihad .
Caitlin Isaac , a former colleague of Bourque , said he `` always seemed to have a problem with authority '' but otherwise `` seemed friendly enough '' .
Engels showed Marx his recently published The Condition of the Working Class in England in 1844 , convincing Marx that the working class would be the agent and instrument of the final revolution in history .
The U.S. is also supplying the Iraqi forces with military equipment , including anti-tank weaponry .
Cultural depictions of her have continued in films , theater , television , video games , music , and performances to this day .
A minister named Radhagupta seems to have played an important role in Ashoka 's rise to the throne .
The post has attracted criticism from BBC journalists and has been edited with corrections a number of times since .
Mahlungu supporters sang in support of the convict and also chanted the banned song Shoot the Boer , which originated as an anti-apartheid protest .
Last week , Cyprus Airways rescheduled their flights into Beirut because of the potential conflict .
With the USSR 's collapse , Armenia and Azerbaijan re-emerged as independent states -- as-did old rivalries over territory .
Genetic analysis of a hair sample in 2014 found evidence of genetic variants that could have caused his glaucoma , migraines and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy .
During the Battle of the Somme in October 1916 , he was wounded in the left thigh when a shell exploded in the dispatch runners ' dugout .
Ice cores and sediment cores are used to for paleoclimate reconstructions , which tell geologists about past and present temperature , precipitation , and sea level across the globe .
Manipulating both immigrants and the church for political advantage is wrong . ''
I applied a couple of things the boys had n't actually seen , and as it turns out , I ended up coaching against the -LSB- Perth -RSB- Wheelcats in a competition round .
He is credited with a list of inventions , but these were actually developed by such people as Thomas Highs and John Kay ; Arkwright nurtured the inventors , patented the ideas , financed the initiatives , and protected the machines .
Furthermore , Suleiman enacted new criminal and police legislation , prescribing a set of fines for specific offenses , as well as reducing the instances requiring death or mutilation .
The two types of flagella evolved from different ancestors .
Surrounding a nuclear weapon with suitable materials -LRB- such as cobalt or gold -RRB- creates a weapon known as a salted bomb .
Farhi : Libya has set a bad precedent for many countries who supported , or did not object to , NATO action .
The Halictidae first appear in the Early Eocene with species found in amber .
State-owned Xinhua news agency blamed the fault on `` the complicated lunar surface environment '' .
China 's Wang Zhoubin also had a shot at goal that bounced off the goal post with a resounding noise .
Brooke said it was `` disingenuous to use this argument of privacy '' .
A penalty awarded to Caloundra was reversed as a result .
Their anions and cations appear to diffuse within compartmentalized layers or micelles instead of freely as in a uniform liquid .
Thank you very much Senator for being with us tonight and speaking to fifteen journalism students and myself ...
Important topics covered by the Greeks included metaphysics -LRB- with competing theories such as atomism and monism -RRB- , cosmology , the nature of the well-lived life -LRB- eudaimonia -RRB- , the possibility of knowledge and the nature of reason -LRB- logos -RRB- .
Unemployment and similar taxes are often imposed on employers based on total payroll .
We looked at this literature as sensory biologists and naturally formed the question ` can bees sense these fields ? ' .
Alabama -LSB- ... -RSB- judges have a -LSB- ... -RSB- duty not to issue any marriage license contrary to this law .
Once this was fixed , played resumed , with Ardossi and Hunt competing for the highest score .
The game was a close one , which was decided in an exciting finish involving a series of missed shots and turnovers by both sides .
In 1847 , Charles Winston was still critical of such images as a `` Romish trend '' -LRB- a term used to refer to Roman Catholics -RRB- that he considered best avoided in England .
Roughly eight years , give or take .
Wikinews is a free service and it is funded by your generous donations .
Fluke was a featured speaker on September 5 at the 2012 Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina .
She had several ideas , and she used to draw a lot in the sketchbook , she used to have this thick sketchbook that she used to carry around with her everywhere , where she 'd draw these different characters and whatnot ; and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .
The newspaper industry continue to express concern regarding the proposals .
The official response confirming the revocation of his citizenship came in a document dated 17 April 1869 , and for the rest of his life he remained officially stateless .
A woman 's life is considered half the worth of a man , while Christians and Jews are worth half of a Muslim , and the life of Buddhist , Hindu , folk religion or atheist is considered 1/16th the worth of a Muslim by some Islamist governments .
Al Jazeera suspended their services during the final quarter of 2012 .
The 8.2 Kiloyear Arid Event and the 5.9 Kiloyear Interpluvial saw the drying out of semiarid regions and a major spread of deserts .
Some local residents reportedly jumped out of the windows of buildings in fright in the large commercial area of Jankara .
Santacana won gold in the Super-G , Super Combined , and Giant slalom events in the last World Championships held in Sestriere , Italy , in 2011 , in which he also won silver in Downhill and Slalom .
For a long time , sources of nitrogen compounds were limited .
The SI unit for acceleration is metre per second squared -LRB- m s − 2 -RRB- .
Their self-sufficient skills and knowledge were passed down through the generations by word of mouth .
Open skies policies and low-cost carriers have helped to bring competition to the market .
This turns the flies into a vector that can spreads the pathogenic protist between red fire ant colonies .
Belgium 's coach Bob Vanacker also plays on the team .
Dostoyevsky could at times , in his fiction , diaries and articles , be viciously antisemitic and yet , on other occasions , write appreciatively of Jews or defend their rights .
It 's become a thing people do as a profession , and the rest of us are all supposed to applaud them -- or stand back -- nod our heads every four years , and be glad for it . ''
When Hunt was subbed out , the game sped up again .
The Bill would force a by-election if 10 % of voters signed a petition within eight weeks , but only if a Commons committee had decided the MP could be recalled .
-LRB- See Ordinary differential equation for other results . -RRB-
A preview before an unsuspecting public audience was not a success , but a showing for the press produced positive reviews .
Ad hoc judges usually -LRB- but not always -RRB- vote in favor of the state that appointed them and thus cancel each other out .
The UK said sanctions being prepared are likely to go ahead , regardless of the outcome of these talks , until it is seen that Russia is acting upon them .
Some have argued that at low energies , this approach proves successful , in that it results in an acceptable effective -LRB- quantum -RRB- field theory of gravity .
The disaster gained wide publicity and raised questions about the commercialisation of climbing Mount Everest .
Some bacteria , called vibrio , are shaped like slightly curved rods or comma-shaped ; others can be spiral-shaped , called spirilla , or tightly coiled , called spirochaetes .
Nkrumah later credited James with teaching him `` how an underground movement worked '' .
The destruction of Dresden , while immense , was designed to expedite the defeat of Germany .
Viacom also owns TV channels Comedy Central , MTV , and Nickelodeon .
Most of these cones are well preserved , with the exception of the Saddle Plateau cones that were heavily affected by glacial action .
Following the sentencing , Claire Aitchison , Liam Aitchison 's step-mother , said : `` We are happy that justice has been done and that these two brutal murderers will spend a long time in prison . ''
The Common Weal present themselves as `` an emerging movement which is developing a vision for economic and social development in Scotland which is distinct and different from the political orthodoxy that dominates politics and economics in London . ''
This article adopts the division used by the Yellow River Conservancy Commission .
That evening , the Wehrmacht launched a massive aerial and artillery barrage of Paris in revenge , leaving several thousand dead or injured .
After shooting Perkins , Belcher headed to the Chiefs training facility where he talked to Chiefs General Manger Scott Pioli and Head Coach Romeo Crennel .
Crow is widely known for leading numerous strikes by workers that led to disruption of public transport services in the United Kingdom .
One will have to see whether Ukraine will unite when so many of its citizens identify with Russia .
-LRB- -LRB- WSS -RRB- -RRB- Well let 's say someone is a libertarian-leaning Republican like Rand Paul in the Senate .
The sharing of dirty needles has been linked to the outbreak .
This was in turn struck down by a referendum following the Fukushima nuclear accident .
Because the animal is in motion , there is some airflow relative to its body which , combined with the velocity of the wings , generates a faster airflow moving over the wing .
These are the remnants of the British Empire which , at its height in the 1920s , encompassed almost a quarter of the world 's land mass and was the largest empire in history .
This is going to be a tough one to save .
Girls in the bottom 20 % on average only finish Grade 1 while males finish Grade 6 .
Modern liberals claim that formal or official guarantees of individual rights are irrelevant when individuals lack the material means to benefit from those rights and call for a greater role for government in the administration of economic affairs .
Later in 1958-1963 at Cornell University , field grown maize was reported to have much greater leaf photosynthetic rates of 40 u mol CO2/square meter.sec and was not saturated at near full sunlight .
Indeed , the concept of madness was `` associated with physical or moral displacement , as may be seen in the literal and figurative sense of the adjectives eccentric , extravagant , deviant , aberrant , etc. '' The novel allows Cervantes to illuminate various aspects of human nature .
Lundy is expected to be in London for the entire Paralympics , and is scheduled to watch athletics , cycling , powerlifting , rowing , swimming , wheelchair rugby , basketball and tennis .
After defeating Muhammad Shaybāni 's Uzbeks , Ismāil asked Hātefī , a famous poet from Jam -LRB- Khorasan -RRB- , to write a Shahnameh-like epic about his victories and his newly established dynasty .
He proved that the sum of the reciprocals of the primes diverges .
By the end of the fighting , the French had lost Aspern but still controlled Essling .
Specifically , the leaves of winter S. cereale produce various polypeptides that possess the antifreeze capability which are different than the antifreeze polypeptides produced by fish and insects .
The architect Richard Rogers claimed that the Prince , who has strongly traditionalist views on architecture , repeatedly intervened to have projects cancelled which he was working on .
Her relationship with Miller prompted some negative comments from the press , including Walter Winchell 's statement that `` America 's best-known blonde moving picture star is now the darling of the left-wing intelligentsia . ''
The Georgics ' tone wavers between optimism and pessimism , sparking critical debate on the poet 's intentions , but the work lays the foundations for later didactic poetry .
The sequel has shown that my surmises were well-founded , this proving to be the Comet we have lately observed .
Australia 's first medal of the Games was won in women 's standing air rifle shooting event where Natalie Smith captured a bronze medal during the first medal event of the Games .
But small changes have been made , for example in the shape of 广 which is not absolutely the same in the Kangxi Dictionary of 1716 as in modern books .
The Court concluded that the Commonwealth Electoral Act was legislation enacted within power .
Finkelstein is also on the record as stating that self regulation by the industry through their own organization has failed .
Directors and staff of such attractions must invest significant time preparing their buildings ; such efforts gear up significantly during September .
For men , the official ball is 29.5 inches -LRB- 75 cm -RRB- in circumference -LRB- size 7 , or a `` 295 ball '' -RRB- and weighs 22 oz -LRB- 623.69 grams -RRB- .
These plans are also to be rehearsed through joint military exercises .
Eduard Bernstein , in his 1895 Cromwell and Communism argued that several groups during the English Civil War , especially the Diggers , espoused clear communistic , agrarian ideals , and that Oliver Cromwell 's attitude towards these groups was at best ambivalent and often hostile .
In this case the battery supplies all primary electrical power .
Their last major competition before the Paralympics was the Canada Cup , where they lost to the United States by a single point .
Sudan have denied the accusation , claiming the ammunition was intended for a joint border force of the two countries targeting smuggling and human trafficking .
Since light can reach the eyes from the sides , full-coverage eye protection is usually warranted if there is an increased risk of exposure , as in high-altitude mountaineering .
When the child -LRB- now Mr Keech -RRB- grew up , he sued Mr Sandford for the profit that he had been making by getting the market 's lease .
The United States 's Paul Schaus scored off an assist from Nikko Landeros with just under 5 seconds left in the game , bringing the final score to 5 -- 1 .
An aggressive defence allowed the Black and Blue Belles to add points to their score line .
He overestimated the increasing response to his writings , however , especially to the recent polemic , `` The Case of Wagner '' .
British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted congratulations to the 28-year-old Froome : `` A brilliant win by Chris Froome .
On the men 's side , Spanish Jon Santacana is favored to win with three Giant Slalom and one Slalom victory during this year 's World Cup events in the lead up to the World Championships .
Through quorum sensing , bacteria are able to sense the density of cells , and regulate gene expression accordingly .
Low and vertical heaps of cumulus , towering cumulus , and cumulonimbus are made of larger water droplets ranging in radius from 0.005 to about 0.015 mm .
On Thursday , the Allahabad High Court in India published a key judgment relating to the the Public Interest Litigation -LRB- PIL -RRB- suit filed by the Kautilya Society , an Indian public interest organization , that accuses the State of Uttar Pradesh of negligence in protecting the heritage of the historic city of Varanasi .
I do n't think the issue are going to be any better understood .
Owner of the Kansas City Chiefs Clark Hunt released a statement regarding Belcher .
And so we had caucus , I ca n't tell you what was discussed or said or done in caucus , but because I had filed my amendment -- because at the time I was n't positive that an amendment was going to be filed .
With the abuse and trafficking of NPS on the rise , listing these new psychoactive substances as Class A controlled drugs signals our unequivocal stance that these substances are illegal and no different from other controlled drugs . ''
Quantum mechanics can also provide quantitative insight into ionic and covalent bonding processes by explicitly showing which molecules are energetically favorable to which others and the magnitudes of the energies involved .
Not only have they lost Scotland but I think they 've been responsible for making certain that the Conservatives were back in power in Westminster . ''
Regarding the peace process , Pope Francis emphasized that peace `` must resolutely be pursued , even if each side has to make certain sacrifices '' .
There are many kangaroos living in wildlife reserves around the Australian capital , which often enter suburban areas .
Netanyahu said he has ordered military planning for a possible `` considerable expansion of the ground operation '' .
From a behavioral standpoint , one of the most valuable dinosaur fossils was discovered in the Gobi Desert in 1971 .
An update of this review carried out in 2007 found the same relationships , but they were weaker .
As an artist , he quickly became master of topographic anatomy , drawing many studies of muscles , tendons and other visible anatomical features .
The water may be redirected into a canal or tunnel for irrigation and/or hydroelectric power production .
Romney first ran for the Republican nomination in 2008 , losing in the nominating process to John McCain , who was defeated in the presidential election by , the current President , Barack Obama .
Owing to concerns over the effects of such leachates , the European Union has restricted the use of DEHP -LRB- di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate -RRB- and other phthalates in some applications , and the United States has limited the use of DEHP , DPB , BBP , DINP , DIDP , and DnOP in children 's toys and child care articles with the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act .
Despite poor relations with the orchestra , Mahler brought five new operas to the theatre , including Bizet 's Carmen , and won over the press that had initially been hostile to him .
There are also investigations going on by the Independent Police Complaints Commission into how police failed to pick up on Watkins ' activities before 2012 .
In addition , they possess organized chromosomes that store genetic material .
The CBC indicated one of these projects was the borough 's new 15 million dollar sports complex .
Beginning in the 13th century , Sufism underwent a transformation , largely because of efforts to legitimize and reorganize the movement by Al-Ghazali , who developed the model of the Sufi order -- a community of spiritual teachers and students .
Will they take it as an opportunity to educate viewers about disability and diversity while showing superb athletic performances without engaging in a discourse of pity ?
In the wake of the Cluniac Reforms , this involvement was increasingly seen as inappropriate by the Papacy .
High in the Andes he saw seashells , and several fossil trees that had grown on a sand beach .
The term 's meanings changed in the early 20th century when American social scientists , beginning with Thorstein Veblen , translated ideas from the German concept of Technik into `` technology . ''
In January 1905 , the Bloody Sunday massacre of protesters in St. Petersburg sparked a spate of civil unrest known as the Revolution of 1905 .
This action coincides with the beginning of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan .
After two British winners it 's only right the Tour de France comes to Yorkshire next year '' .
However , these `` currencies '' generally differed in important ways from the standardized government-backed and - controlled money familiar to industrial societies .
Neuberger said the legislation 's veto power did not go so far as to `` enable a member of the executive to over-ride a judicial decision '' and that the Attorney General `` proceeded on the basis of findings which differed radically from those made by the upper tribunal without real or adequate explanation . ''
A White House spokesman , Josh Earnest , stated that the group 's claim of responsibility can not be confirmed , and raised the possibility the claim could be propaganda .
A small jet has crashed in Gaithersburg , Maryland near Montgomery County Airpark yesterday at about 10:45 a.m. local time -LRB- 1545 UTC -RRB- , causing a house fire .
At 8:45 pm Thursday evening , approximately 500 cars were parked at the Target store in Tyler , Texas .
Even though the Chinese and North Koreans were exhausted by the war and were prepared to end it by late 1952 , Stalin insisted that they continue fighting , and the Armistice was approved only in July 1953 , after Stalin 's death .
De Gaulle then tried to revive the talks by inviting all the delegates to another conference at the Élysée Palace to discuss the situation , but the summit ultimately dissolved in the wake of the U-2 incident .
So NK does n't want a war , but they certainly do n't want a warm peace , as then NK then loses its raison d'etre .
Most organisms form two different types of gametes .
London , England -- Great Britain 's Dan Powell was pinned by Germany 's Matthias Krieger in his preliminary round of sixteen match in the men 's 81kg judo event at London 's ExCeL North Arena today .
-LSB- ... -RSB- Professionally , I have enjoyed making a contribution to the Museum , yet , as many couples have discovered a ` commuter relationship ' is not ideal . ''
Problems at Crystal River , Fort Calhoun and the two San Onofre units in the USA meant they produced no power for the full year , while in Belgium Doel 3 and Tihange 2 were out of action for six months .
Algae comprise several different groups of organisms which produce energy through photosynthesis and for that reason have been included in the plant kingdom in the past .
Eleven strokes occurred amongst the 259 men in the highest of the four lycopene level categories while 25 of the 258 men in the categories with the lowest lycopene level categories experienced strokes .
Many of his keyboard works are anthologies that encompass whole theoretical systems in an encyclopaedic fashion .
Indian , British , and world opinion increasingly began to recognise the legitimacy of the claims by the Congress party for independence .
We could never have imagined -LRB- had we not seen it fall out in experience -RRB- that a man raised up by ourself and extraordinarily favoured by us , above any other subject of this land , would have in so contemptible a sort broken our commandment in a cause that so greatly touches us in honour ... And therefore our express pleasure and commandment is that , all delays and excuses laid apart , you do presently upon the duty of your allegiance obey and fulfill whatsoever the bearer hereof shall direct you to do in our name .
The report quotes Iran 's Supreme leader Ali Khamenei , who called for the FSA `` to lay down their arms to be able to deliver their demands to the Syrian government . ''
The attack follows previous incidents in 2009 when a kangaroo smashed inside a Canberra home , and in 2010 when a kangaroo knocked a jogger unconscious in nearby Mount Ainslie .
With each molt , nymphs grow larger and become more similar in appearance to adult insects .
From this point , the tribes were no longer cannibals , but possessed firearms , apparently as a result of Portuguese influence .
Of such forces Nietzsche said they could perhaps be viewed as a primitive form of the will .
At the time of the election , Anders Holmdahl was enrolled as an elector on the Commonwealth Electoral Roll for the Division of Hindmarsh .
By studying the companion star it is often possible to obtain the orbital parameters of the system and to obtain an estimate for the mass of the compact object .
A barrage dam is a special kind of dam which consists of a line of large gates that can be opened or closed to control the amount of water passing the dam .
The Canadian Hurricane Center -LRB- CHC -RRB- issues advisories on hurricanes and their remnants for Canadian citizens when they affect Canada .
Ecuador has seven Dhruvs which are on reduced duties following accidents .
Because wheat self-pollinates , creating hybrid varieties is extremely labor-intensive ; the high cost of hybrid wheat seed relative to its moderate benefits have kept farmers from adopting them widely despite nearly 90 years of effort .
The final day of skiing saw 117 skiers start , with only 72 getting ranked at the end .
`` The unseasonal rainfall has destroyed our crops and our entire field is submerged in water , '' says Arku Rajaipa , a farmer in Gunthur district .
The Guardian cites sources which say U.S. Forces are `` ready to go '' in the event a strike on Syria is ordered .
Some people in the crowd attempted to assist fire crews with holding fire hoses and gathering water-filled containers .
London , England -- Yesterday at London 's Riverbank Arena , Brazil 's 5-a-side blind football team took on China in both teams ' final game of group play .
The attack happened on the sixteenth anniversary of the Columbine High School massacre in the United States .
Yamato escaped with damage but was sunk the following year , also by US forces .
The Ebers Papyrus -LRB- c. 1550 BCE -RRB- features a `` treatise on the heart '' , with vessels carrying all the body 's fluids to or from every member of the body .
Lawyers demand the UN apologize to and compensate the victims and improve sanitation efforts .
He has been pressing his foreign counterparts , both in Asia and Europe , demanding they either get rid of their excess nuclear materials via the U.S. , or tighten security on stockpiles at home .
German historian Jörg Friedrich claims that Churchill 's decision was a `` war crime '' , and , writing in 2006 , philosopher A.C. Grayling questioned the whole strategic bombing campaign by the RAF , presenting the argument that although it was not a war crime it was a moral crime that undermines the Allies ' contention that they fought a just war .
`` His later life was overshadowed by his conviction for homosexual activity , a sentence we would now consider unjust and discriminatory and which has now been repealed .
Dutch publishing houses pirated of fashionable books from France and created a new market of political and scandalous fiction .
The catalogue of his works by Michael Jaffé lists 1,403 pieces , excluding numerous copies made in his workshop .
Demonstrators have connected Shinawatra with her brother and former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
He listed economic growth , unemployment , and the Middle East as challenges the two politicians would have to face .
`` The university and the Students ' Union have a zero-tolerance approach to racism and will respond robustly to any behaviour that does not meet with our values and expectations '' , their statement said .
Texts were written from right to left , left to right , or even so that alternate lines read in opposite directions .
Several other proofs of this theorem are described below , but this is known as the Pythagorean one .
But its still nice to see that they are being welcomed back , being provided opportunities for sports .
The CIA 's MKULTRA program involved more individualized efforts at mind control , involving techniques such as hypnosis , torture , and covert involuntary administration of LSD .
He called them `` oxidizing rays '' to emphasize chemical reactivity and to distinguish them from `` heat rays '' , discovered the previous year at the other end of the visible spectrum .
Although negative aspects of society were being thrown into the life of Dalí which affected the commercial success of his artwork , it did not hold him back from expressing his own ideas and beliefs in his art .
Some of copper 's other important benefits as an architectural material include low thermal movement , light weight , lightning protection , and recyclability .
In 2012 , a Special Investigations Team appointed by the Indian Supreme Court found no evidence for Modi 's role in the violence .
Several pilgrims died on way to hospital .
On Monday at 2030 Coordinated Universal Time -LRB- UTC -RRB- , ` Par : AnoIA , ' one of many Twitter accounts connected to Anonymous , stated that the group would `` release a stash of Syrian Government emails in the next 24h , featuring Kofi Annan correspondence , cash & weapon deliveries . ''
Data from this mission revealed that hydrogen composes up to 90 % of Jupiter 's atmosphere .
The service was stranded at the station for some time .
However , Badakshan and Balkh remained firmly part of the Uzbek dominions .
Linnaeus described his findings from the expedition in the book Wästgöta-Resa , published the next year .
Tom Kyle : Yes , I was given a job and a house .
This higher rate in maize was almost double those observed in other species such as wheat and soybean , indicating that large differences in photosynthesis exist among higher plants .
However in densely settled farmed landscapes such as much of lowland England reintroduction of predators is problematic and control by culling is therefore an important aspect of deer management .
Two-thirds said they felt uncomfortable raising safety issues .
Some runoff water is trapped for periods of time , for example in lakes .
Additionally we found three new species , two of them described in the ZooKeys paper .
The cardiovascular centres in the brainstem that control the sympathetic and parasympathetic influences to the heart through the vagus nerve and sympathetic trunk .
Jiamei was second with 5 points , and seven other players also scored .
All other inputs to production are called intangibles in classical economics .
Pakistan arrested another 38 fishermen last month .
In late autumn 1958 , Mao Zedong strongly condemned widespread practices of the Great Leap Forward -LRB- GLF -RRB- such as subjecting peasants to exhausting labour without adequate food and rest , which had resulted in epidemics , starvation and deaths .
Examples are the numerous large sacrificial tripods known as dings in Chinese ; there are many other distinct shapes .
King also collaborated with other music artists and bands .
The on-site casting supports the theory that Bronze was first introduced in Southeast Asia as fully developed which therefore shows that Bronze was actually innovated from a different country .
In the most basic case-making , two pieces of cardboard are placed onto a glued piece of cloth with a space between them into which is glued a thinner board cut to the width of the spine of the book .
Common uses for cofferdams include construction and repair of offshore oil platforms .
Bindusara 's death in 272 BCE led to a war over succession .
The speech also promised more house building , and also to introduce legislation to reduce the use of plastic bags .
This happens regardless of altitude .
Western leaders have accused Russia of a military build-up adjacent to Ukraine .
I want to give everyone their say . ''
Grover Cleveland , the governor of New York , vetoed a bill to provide $ 50,000 for the statue project in 1884 .
Do you think a military parade of this type backed by the US is likely to influence further hostility ?
Baku in Azerbaijan and Doha in Qatar took part in the first stage of the bid process but were eliminated from contention in May at a meeting of the IOC 's Executive Board in Quebec City , Canada .
On 14 December 1784 , Mozart became a Freemason , admitted to the lodge Zur Wohltätigkeit -LRB- `` Beneficence '' -RRB- .
Connections are formed with two types of joints : slip-critical connections and bearing connections .
`` We are conducting the review to further ensure that the aircraft meets our high safety standards . ''
The hump contains `` white and sickly fat '' , which can be used to make the khli -LRB- preserved meat -RRB- of mutton , beef , or camel .
Plans to expand the tank programme were under way when the War ended .
Blair also blamed the `` ideology and intolerance of the Muslim Brotherhood '' : `` People felt that the Brotherhood was steadily imposing its own doctrines on everyday life '' .
In the interwar period , nationalism grown stronger in the continent influenced by countries like Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy .
The second class , the Council of Princes , consisted of the other princes .
He bobbled a little in front of me , and I thought that was an opportunity to jump on the gas real hard .
At Pentecost , the Apostles are believed to have received the Holy Spirit , preparing them for their mission in leading the church .
An American inventor , Charles Francis Jenkins , also pioneered the television .
The Brazilians refused to yield , and Prince Pedro decided to stand with them , declaring the country 's independence from Portugal on 7 September 1822 .
The absence of these standards , arguments from authority , biased observational studies and other common fallacies are frequently cited by supporters of methodological naturalism as characteristic of the non-science they criticize .
So SK needs to signal both that it does not seek escalation , but also that it can not be bullied .
However , because the blocks are covalently bonded to each other , they can not demix macroscopically as water and oil can , and so instead the blocks form nanometer-sized structures .
But in fact the piece encored was not `` Va , pensiero '' but the hymn `` Immenso Jehova '' .
The addition of corticosteroids also appears to improve outcomes .
Purportedly , Hyon was Kim Jong-un 's girlfriend some years ago , but the relationship ended due to disapproval by Kim Jong-un 's father , then-Supreme Leader Kim Jong-il and she later married and had a child with an army officer .
Vikings -LRB- Danish and Bokmål : vikinger ; Swedish and Nynorsk : vikingar ; Icelandic : víkingar -RRB- , from Old Norse víkingr , were Nordic seafarers , mainly speaking the Old Norse language , who raided and traded from their Northern European homelands across wide areas of northern , central and eastern Europe , during the late 8th to late 11th centuries .
The testing was again done at the Sydney Passport Office , without time restriction , to encourage accurate response .
Kenseth relinquished the lead on lap 237 to Clint Bowyer , and was out of the top ten afterwards .
Contemporary liberals , heavily influenced by social liberalism , have continued to support limited constitutional government while also advocating for state services and provisions to ensure equal rights .
By the end of his life , the Mongol Empire occupied a substantial portion of Central Asia and China .
Buenos Aires , Argentina -- Wikinews interviewed the Wikimedia Foundation 's Asaf Bartov , the Head of Wikimedia Grants Program and Global South Partnerships , at the Fourth Ibercoop -- Ibero-American Wikimedia Summit ; where , hosted by Wikimedia Argentina , a cooperative group of wiki contributors and supporters from Spain , Portugal , and Latin America met to foster collaboration and experience sharing related to the Wikimedia Foundation movement in these countries .
Mr Justice Spencer identified Dennehy as a psychopath with paraphilia sadomasochism , in which sexual pleasure is gained from the suffering of others .
At the same time , however , his oeuvre includes many original melodies , creative leaps , and relaxed or driving rhythms .
Artificial sweeteners such as sucralose are used to mimic the sugar molecule , creating the sensation of sweet , without the calories .
Baby Antonia Rodgers spent over a month on life support before death was confirmed .
-LRB- -LRB- Hill -RRB- -RRB- When I was a young man in Air Force ROTC I was chosen to attend a unique Pilot Training Program called Euro-NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training .
Running from September 26 until October 13 , the first stalls are found near Plaza de Cibeles and continue to Calle Prim , running in a straight line down Paseo de Recoletos in the pedestrian walk in the center of the road .
For a constitutional amendment to be approved in Indiana , it must pass both the House of Representatives and the Senate during two separately elected legislatures , which means there has to be an election between the two sets of votes .
This fluid , which has a high electrical conductivity , is sometimes called a water -- ammonia ocean .
These animals have remarkable adaptations that allow them to succeed in some of the harshest places on earth .
This criticism was voiced in the aftermath of the 1973 oil crisis .
Although Homer 's depictions are graphic , it can be seen in the very end that victory in war is a far more somber occasion , where all that is lost becomes apparent .
For part of October 2013 , Liberty Island was closed to the public due to the United States federal government shutdown of 2013 , along with other federally funded museums , parks , monuments , construction projects and buildings .
`` No one wants to go touch them ... everything becomes gooey and slippery and you ca n't stand up on the whale and it gets on your boots and you ca n't get the smell off and then you go home and the dog rolls in it and you get it in your kitchen and you curse the whales , and you curse the government and ... it becomes a mess . ''
In an editorial posted to the Toronto Star website , Dale says `` I 'm a non-confrontational guy , and I just wanted to write articles and go home .
A statue of Isaac Newton , looking at an apple at his feet , can be seen at the Oxford University Museum of Natural History .
Selek specialises in the Kurdish people .
Journalist accounts stated that the Khmer Rouge shelling `` tortured the capital almost continuously '' , inflicting `` random death and mutilation '' on 2 million trapped civilians .
The river is commonly divided into three stages .
In 756 , the Abbasid Caliph Al-Mansur sent over 4,000 Arab mercenaries to assist the Chinese Tang dynasty in the An Shi Rebellion against An Lushan .
In the previous section certain properties of temperature were expressed by the zeroth law of thermodynamics .
Alternatively , it might be a consequence of the sphere deforming at such high rotation rates .
Qatar has negotiated in Lebanon and with the Taliban .
Many European and American admirers such as Voltaire and H. G. Creel point to the revolutionary idea of replacing nobility of blood with nobility of virtue .
With the Soviets already occupying most of Central and Eastern Europe , Stalin was at an advantage and the two western leaders vied for his favors .
SL : No , the Obama Administration has been uncertain about -- and many of its members opposed to -- regime change , and that is still the situation .
Coffee is often consumed alongside -LRB- or instead of -RRB- breakfast by many at home or when eating out at diners or cafeterias .
Dr. William Shaffner , a doctor and chair of the Department of Preventative Medicine at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee , told Wikinews reporters March 25 at the University of Southern Indiana in Evansville , the day before Pence declared the public health emergency , such a program would make sense .
Overall , Ukraine climbed one place over Germany in the overall medal rankings , having won four total medals on Wednesday .
Chief Minister Katy Gallagher said the government would strive toward treating everyone equally and fairly under the law depite the threat of legal challenge .
That zoning , adopted in 1972 , designated `` Z1 '' areas -LRB- residential areas designed for elites -RRB- and `` Z3 '' -LRB- a `` mixed zone '' lacking clear definitions about their characteristics -RRB- .
While their middens resemble 12-11 ka-old Late Stone Age -LRB- LSA -RRB- middens found on every inhabited continent , the 50-45 ka-old Enkapune Ya Muto in Kenya probably represents the oldest traces of the first modern humans to disperse out of Africa .
Tobacco is consumed in many forms and through a number of different methods .
Hyperrealism is a fully fledged school of art and can be considered an advancement of Photorealism by the methods used to create the resulting paintings or sculptures .
Deep roadbeds of crushed stone underneath kept such roads dry .
Last month , Discovery Communications withdrew a bid reportedly worth between # 250m and # 300m .
The Socceroos are currently getting international attention following yesterday 's 2014 FIFA World Cup draw which placed the 59th FIFA ranked team in the same group as top FIFA ranked Spain , fifteenth ranked Chile and the ninth ranked Netherlands .
He met Talleyrand , France 's new Foreign Minister -- who served in the same capacity for Emperor Napoleon -- and they began to prepare for an invasion of Britain .
`` As your Governor , I will do everything in my power to make Pennsylvania a place where jobs pay , schools teach , government works ... and where all Pennsylvanians can believe in the fundamental notion that our democracy still works '' , Wolf said .
The man 's condition on Wednesday was listed as serious .
The movement of gas through the larynx , pharynx and mouth allows humans to speak , or phonate .
For verbs that represent an ongoing process , the - te iru form indicates a continuous -LRB- or progressive -RRB- aspect , similar to the suffix ing in English .
Shortly after that , ONCE had a player get a personal foul , turning the ball over to Getafe who were unable to hold onto it .
The event , entitled Winter Whackdown , featured the hosting association -- the Coastal Assassins Roller Derby -LRB- CARD -RRB- -- fielding two teams , the Toowoomba Range Renegades and the Brisbane City Rollers Punk Blockers .
This result has been controversial , since it would imply that sponges may not be so primitive , but may instead be secondarily simplified .
Amongst possible concerns , their bid could be undermined by South Korea 's hosting of the 2018 Winter Olympics .
In describing the incident , Ford said , `` I have little kids .
Jacob von Staehlin-Storcksburg wrote a short obituary for the Russian Academy of Sciences and Russian mathematician Nicolas Fuss , one of Euler 's disciples , wrote a more detailed eulogy which he delivered at a memorial meeting .
`` For Ofqual to suggest that teachers and schools are to blame is outrageous , and flies in the face of the evidence .
MacKinnon and Millar were both charged with Aitchison 's murder in December 2011 .
Founding member , leader , and head songwriter Michael Amott said `` We welcome Alissa with open arms -- and we hope you will have open ears . ''
Other materials are often added to the iron/carbon mixture to produce steel with desired properties .
Historically both Armenia and Azerbaijan lay claim to some of the same territories , an issue complicated by the intermingling of ethnic populations so some areas have no clearly demarcated Azeri and Armenian border ; these potential sources of conflict remained quiescent whilst both nations were subsumed by greater powers .
Wikinews asked Unite the Union to comment on the story and has yet to receive a response .
Social psychology is the study of how people and groups interact .
Not only were they coming in but there was more money coming into the general area from wages and people living here .
The underground and railway lines carry some 7 million people on an average weekday together .
He said that Iran had agreed to `` implement practical measures '' to aid the UN inspectors .
Not only had Burnside been defeated on the battlefield , but his soldiers were disgruntled and undisciplined .
The main tomes used both by medicine students and expert physicians were Materia Medica and Pharmacopoeia .
Chief Regulator Glenys Stacey said schools were under too much pressure to achieve certain grades , which contributed to the over-marking .
Silicon -LRB- Si -RRB- types currently predominate but certain advanced microwave and high-performance versions now employ the compound semiconductor material gallium arsenide -LRB- GaAs -RRB- and the semiconductor alloy silicon germanium -LRB- SiGe -RRB- .
I could mount an argument to take the tax off old people 's clothes , I could mount an argument for a whole lot of things .
They have been credited with reducing the death toll .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- The genus is called Sturnira Gray in the paper .
After a month 's stay , Cook attempted to resume his exploration of the Northern Pacific .
On the next play , Kylie Gauci stole the ball and charged down the court , but failed to make the shot .
27 passport officers -- mean age 45.5 , 10 of them participants from the person-to-photo test , 22 of them female -- as well as 38 volunteers -- mean age 18.9 , 26 of them female -- compared photos taken recently to photos either from two years earlier or from official identification documents .
The Capitals led early in the first with a score of 6 -- 2 and then 6 -- 4 , before Jiamei made a three pointer to put China ahead 6 -- 7 by the time there was 6:33 left in the first .
Niki Quasney , who together with wife Amy Sandler became the first married gay couple in Indiana , died of cancer on Thursday .
Some of my daughters have been character actors , or youth interpreters I should say , at Conner Prairie , a live museum here in central Indiana , others have served as members of the Indianapolis Children 's Choir .
Today , when used without any other qualifier , the modern meaning of `` cattle '' is usually restricted to domesticated bovines .
By means of cells that behave like nerves , plants receive and distribute within their systems information about incident light intensity and quality .
-LRB- abbreviation for pizzicato -RRB- in the written music is to be played by plucking the string with a finger of the right hand rather than by bowing .
In principle , such methods may be applied to any system , given sufficient computer resources , and may address fundamental questions such as naked singularities .
He actually had a guy call him once and say how do I get to the high school , I 'm flying in to Cincinnati , and he gave him directions from the Cincinnati airport to the Milan high school so he could come see the trophies and learn more about the history because he had just seen the movie Hoosiers .
Most , 1470 , of the complaints against Sallie Mae were closed with explanations .
In paleolithic times , mostly animals were painted , in theory ones that were used as food or represented strength , such as the rhinoceros or large cats -LRB- as in the Chauvet Cave -RRB- .
We were not elected to make easy decisions '' .
If a bolt is tensioned beyond the proof load , it may behave in plastic manner due to yielding in the threads and the tension preload may be lost due to the permanent plastic deformations .
Ian Prickett , a member of the team , said on Twitter `` Sir Ran is leaving but we will carry on . ''
But , as I 've always said , funds always end up drying up .
In 1861 , Mayor Fernando Wood called on the aldermen to declare independence from Albany and the United States after the South seceded , but his proposal was not acted on .
Home Secretary Theresa May said the behaviour of the police in the Mitchell affair threatened the public 's trust in the police .
When the Elite Football League of India was introduced in August 2011 , Mumbai was noted as one of eight cities to be awarded a team for the inaugural season .
To understand Einstein 's equations as partial differential equations , it is helpful to formulate them in a way that describes the evolution of the universe over time .
The Bolivian Army would also be trained , advised , and supplied by U.S. Army Special Forces , including a recently organized elite battalion of U.S. Rangers trained in jungle warfare that set up camp in La Esperanza , a small settlement close to the location of Guevara 's guerrillas .
With 1:11 left in the second and the score at 41 -- 19 , the Getafe coach threw his clipboard on the ground .
Some hold foreign passports , and about 4000 of them wish to leave Gaza to receive medical care .
Waves of the electromagnetic spectrum vary in size , from very long radio waves the size of buildings to very short gamma rays smaller than atom nuclei .
The remaining gold medals were distributed amongst four other countries .
Last year councils gave permission for almost 200,000 new homes under the locally-led planning system and more than 1,000 communities have swiftly taken up neighbourhood planning .
The puddled iron -LRB- wrought iron -RRB- of the Eiffel Tower weighs 7,300 tons , and the addition of lifts , shops and antennae have brought the total weight to approximately 10,100 tons .
China and India alternated in being the largest economies in the world from 1 to 1800 A.D. China was a major economic power and attracted many to the east , and for many the legendary wealth and prosperity of the ancient culture of India personified Asia , attracting European commerce , exploration and colonialism .
It is also the first time the reported total number of drug seizures topped 70,000 .
Some of the main aspects of trade that went overseas consisted of animals and plant products .
Vitaly Obotin finished first in the men 's 400 meter medley .
Don Quixote -LRB- spelled `` Quijote '' in modern Spanish -RRB- is two separate volumes , now nearly always published as one , that cover the adventures of Don Quixote de la Mancha , a hero who carries his enthusiasm and self-deception to unintentional and comic ends .
Malabsorption can have many causes ranging from infection , to enzyme deficiencies such as exocrine pancreatic insufficiency .
And , Mario saw this face in the wood paneling , and he decided to crudely sketch it , draw it .
In his book , Capitan Bernal Díaz del Castillo provides his account of the Conquest of Mexico , in which he describes the events leading up to the conquest of Mexico , including accounts of the human sacrifices and cannibalism that he witnessed first hand .
Zimmerman shot Martin on February 26 , 2012 while Martin was walking through a gated community after visiting a convenience store but Zimmerman 's lawyers successfully argued Zimmerman had acted in self defence .
All skeletal muscle and many smooth muscle contractions are facilitated by the neurotransmitter acetylcholine .
On the other hand , little is known about what other internal sensors spiders or other arthropods may have .
Helena Kristiansson from Brussels said she was stuck on a road for nine hours in 65 kilometers of queues ; she tweeted , `` Stuck at a road for Brussels closed since 5pm yesterday due to shoulder deep snow . .
When he presented his discovery to the Royal Society , he continued to assert that he had found a comet , but also implicitly compared it to a planet :
The articles rank amongst the most-read items on many of the news websites .
The most famous assemblage , The Royal Heart , is made of gold and is encrusted with 46 rubies , 42 diamonds , and four emeralds , created in such a way that the center `` beats '' much like a real heart .
-LRB- -LRB- Wikinews -RRB- -RRB- For many years , Syria has been considered Iran 's `` closest ally '' .
Tens of thousands of protestors -- some affiliated with the ` Occupy Central ' movement -- have kept up a demonstration for seven days against plans by the Chinese government to screen candidates seeking to be on the ballot for the 2017 election .
According to Billboard , the paramedics found Sheehan unresponsive before pronouncing him as dead soon after .
People can also buy tickets for the Metro at buses that make connect places far from the Metro .
Genera surviving today comprise 56 % of the genera in Baltic amber fossils -LRB- early Oligocene -RRB- , and 92 % of the genera in Dominican amber fossils -LRB- apparently early Miocene -RRB- .
In 2011 , it was reported that `` almost all plastic products '' sampled released chemicals with estrogenic activity , although the researchers identified plastics which did not leach chemicals with estrogenic activity .
Of course , forming an alliance ` officially against Israel ' serves another purpose too : to take a stand against Saudi Arabia without naming it .
The cause of the crash is still being investigated with experts from the Netherlands and Australia continuing to search the crash site .
Cell signaling coordinates cellular activities , and hence governs the basic functions of multicellular organisms .
Clare Nott took a defensive rebound , leading to Cobi Crispin scoring again .
Goldsmith claimed Clegg had been `` the architect of the current Recall Bill '' .
Later , he played in brass bands and riverboats of New Orleans , and began traveling with the well-regarded band of Fate Marable , which toured on a steamboat up and down the Mississippi River .
After this campaign , Stalin took actions to bolster the Soviet military , modify training and improve propaganda efforts in the Soviet military .
Irish budget airline Ryanair have dismissed pilot John Goss , who has worked with the airline for 25 years , over remarks he made in a documentary about safety at the airline .
Maize is a facultative short-day plant and flowers in a certain number of growing degree days > 10 ° C -LRB- 50 ° F -RRB- in the environment to which it is adapted .
Over 83 thousand Palestinians adhered to the instructions and found shelter in UN complexes .
However , the league has recently taken steps forward .
If molecules , or atoms , or electrons , are emitted from a material and their velocities are measured , the spectrum of their velocities often nearly obeys a theoretical law called the Maxwell -- Boltzmann distribution , which gives a well-founded measurement of temperatures for which the law holds .
In this method , the pulped and fermented coffee is spread thinly on raised beds , which allows the air to pass on all sides of the coffee , and then the coffee is mixed by hand .
That said , however , the likelihood of any coherent action against Russia is not great , not least because much of Europe is reliant of Russian gas .
The modern South Slavic languages now use modified Cyrillic alphabets .
Blitzstein 's Marxist position was that Stravinsky 's wish to `` divorce music from other streams of life '' , which is `` symptomatic of an escape from reality '' , resulted in a `` loss of stamina '' , naming specifically Apollo , the Capriccio , and Le Baiser de la fée .
I certainly want to clear up any kind of misunderstanding with my caucus mates .
Surgery has many sub-specialties , including general surgery , ophthalmic surgery , cardiovascular surgery , colorectal surgery , neurosurgery , oral and maxillofacial surgery , oncologic surgery , orthopedic surgery , otolaryngology , plastic surgery , podiatric surgery , transplant surgery , trauma surgery , urology , vascular surgery , and pediatric surgery .
In Germany publishers willingly forfeited their right to payment from Google , given how much traffic they would lose from not being indexed on Google News .
Thompson says that the kings had :
Scotland 's Independence referendum is to take place next year , September 18 .
Which treatments are used depends on the type , location and grade of the cancer as well as the patient 's health and preferences .
He wrote at this time that God `` could have either saved or destroyed the Union without a human contest .
Most of the mathematical notation in use today was not invented until the 16th century .
The first official international football match also took place in 1872 , between Scotland and England in Glasgow , again at the instigation of C. W. Alcock .
Defense polygyny involves males controlling territories that contain resources that attract females .
For most of the century after the Civil War in the United States , the price of silver was less than the face value of circulating silver coins , reaching its nadir of about $ .25 per ounce in 1932 , and the silver coins of the United States were effectively fiat coins for much of that history .
In the round 's other game , Toads defeated Maroochydore 31 points to 24 .
Most of the lexicon of Portuguese is derived , directly or through other Romance languages , from Latin .
In the United States , an integrated approach to real-time hydrologic computer modelling utilizes observed data from the U.S. Geological Survey -LRB- USGS -RRB- , various cooperative observing networks , various automated weather sensors , the NOAA National Operational Hydrologic Remote Sensing Center -LRB- NOHRSC -RRB- , various hydroelectric companies , etc. combined with quantitative precipitation forecasts -LRB- QPF -RRB- of expected rainfall and/or snow melt to generate daily or as-needed hydrologic forecasts .
The name change is designed in part to reduce the confusion which surrounded the name Air Pacific .
106 competitors , 29 women and 77 men , from countries such as Argentina , Australia , Canada , Chile , Great Britain , Iceland , Japan , Mexico , New Zealand , South Africa , Turkey , and the United States competed in the Super G on the second day of the IPC Nor-Am Cup .
The Fire player was not so lucky , and remained on the floor for several minutes .
Port Adelaide Mayor Gary Johanson said the loss of the store is a significant loss as Port Adelaide is being redeveloped : `` Their staff were extremely good , the service levels were high , the store was always well stocked and it was a great example of a family business .
Since the Constitution of Medina , was drafted by the Islamic prophet Muhammad , the Jews and the Christians continued to use their own laws in the Islamic State and had their own judges .
People on each side have blamed the other for starting the violence .
The ACP cites a number of major improvements , including the widening and straightening of the Gaillard Cut to reduce restrictions on passing vessels , the deepening of the navigational channel in Gatun Lake to reduce draft restrictions and improve water supply , and the deepening of the Atlantic and Pacific entrances to the canal .
This forced Hitler to call off Fall Grün , originally planned for 1 October 1938 .
RCC is a laminated composite material made from graphite rayon cloth and impregnated with a phenolic resin .
Even fundamental issues , such as Max Born 's basic rules concerning probability amplitudes and probability distributions , took decades to be appreciated by society and many leading scientists .
While all three countries have previously aided Nigeria against Boko Haram , the new attacks are Niger 's first push into foreign territory .
At a press conference at the White House last week , he stated : `` I want to just make very clear right now : I do not think it 's appropriate to boycott the Olympics -LSB- ... -RSB- We 've got a bunch of Americans out there who are training hard , who are doing everything they can to succeed .
Fabian Picardo , the Gibraltar Chief Minister , spoke of his shock after hearing about the deaths .
The Canadians also discussed how the movement in the country has grown since the 2010 Winter Paralympics and increases in government spending on Paralympic sport .
Western philosophy is the philosophical tradition of the Western world and dates to Pre-Socratic thinkers who were active in Ancient Greece in the 6th century BC such as Thales -LRB- c. 624 -- c. 546 BC -RRB- and Pythagoras -LRB- c. 570 -- c. 495 BC -RRB- who practiced a `` love of wisdom '' -LRB- philosophia -RRB- and were also termed physiologoi -LRB- students of physis , or nature -RRB- .
Although the storm did not harm the statue , it destroyed some of the infrastructure on both Liberty Island and Ellis Island , severely damaging the dock used by the ferries bearing visitors to the statue .
TEPCO found another leak yesterday in a pipe between coolant tanks .
Whereas , the Netherlands team had scored 21 goals in the tournament up to this point , while only conceding one , and had not been beaten by Australia since 1998 .
A spokesperson for the charity told the British newspaper The Daily Telegraph : `` We put the money into large managed funds , as many other leading charities and pension funds do .
Both indoor and outdoor air quality can be improved , which may prevent COPD or slow the worsening of existing disease .
After Evita Perón 's death on 26 July 1952 , Borges received a visit from two policemen , who ordered him to put up two portraits of the ruling couple on the premises of SADE .
The WTO 's current Director-General is Roberto Azevêdo , who leads a staff of over 600 people in Geneva , Switzerland .
Baird is quoted in as saying , `` We do n't want the athletes to pay the price for this .
In the United States , the term consist is used to describe the group of rail vehicles which make up a train .
Some scholars believe that the copper-based metallurgy was disseminated from northwest and central China via south and southwest areas such as Guangdong province and Yunnan province and finally into southeast Asia around 1,000 BC .
All the women dressed the same .
Growing in fresh water , they consist of a central stalk with whorls of branchlets , giving them a superficial resemblance to horsetails , species of the genus Equisetum , which are true land plants .
In Bethlehem he met with Mahmoud Abbas , president of the Palestinian National Authority , as well as leading Mass in the crowded Manger Square .
The Telegraph reported from interviews , there is also resistance to some measures in Liberia , where there is a strong stigma attached to the disease .
Given the uniqueness of the earthquake activity as it applies to this particular volcano , today , the Icelandic Meteorological Office upgraded their aviation alert for the area to Yellow .
Hall became too ill to stand trail after the cancer spread to other parts of her body .
An emergency recovery team made its way to the crash site and reportedly recovered one of the plane 's flight recorders .
This is a franchise of a bigger company but it is a family franchise and it employs a lot of staff .
Qatar 's controversial win of the 2022 World Cup hosting rights has been surrounded with claims of corruption among FIFA 's leadership .
Egypt and Britain lost control of the Sudan from 1882 to 1898 as a result of the Mahdist War .
The algorithm uses the fact that every real number
Most of the atoms that make up the Earth and its inhabitants were present in their current form in the nebula that collapsed out of a molecular cloud to form the Solar System .
In 2016 , a potentially habitable exoplanet was confirmed to be orbiting Proxima Centauri , called Proxima Centauri b , the closest confirmed exoplanet to the Sun .
The gliadin protein contributes to its plastic nature , because it demonstrates non-reversible structural change after a certain amount of applied force .
Smooth plains are widespread flat areas that fill depressions of various sizes and bear a strong resemblance to the lunar maria .
Ten days of drills , `` Velayat 90 '' , was conducted last December and `` Velayat 89 '' a year and a half before that in May 2010 .
One provision defined a new offense , assault causing death while intoxicated -- by alcohol or other drugs -- with an eight-year non-parole period .
On Sunday Peter Capaldi was named as the twelfth Doctor on BBC 's Doctor Who .
Once decomposition sets in , Fenwick remarked the carcass would become a `` real nuisance '' .
In quantum mechanics , the physical state of a particle is represented by a vector , and observables -LRB- such as momentum , energy , and angular momentum -RRB- are represented by linear operators on the underlying vector space .
At the London Games , Paralympic wheelchair fencing features five medal events for women and seven for men , involving several weapons including the foil , epee and sabre .
In order to carry out the fundamentalist program in practice , one would need a perfect understanding of the ancient language of the original text , if indeed the true text can be discerned from among variants .
Mesopotamia is the site of the earliest developments of the Neolithic Revolution from around 10,000 BCE , with civilizations developing from 6,500 years ago .
In Modern English verse the pattern of stresses primarily differentiate feet , so rhythm based on meter in Modern English is most often founded on the pattern of stressed and unstressed syllables -LRB- alone or elided -RRB- .
In Tobolsk , the members received food and clothes from the Decembrist women , as well as several copies of the New Testament with a ten-ruble banknote inside each copy .
Anyone at the scene who may have information for the authorities should contact the incident line on 1-800-494-TIPS .
Fearing his wrath , Linnaeus and Sohlberg had to leave Hamburg quickly .
These specialized notes are called the blue or bent notes .
Tragedy , as a dramatic genre , developed as a performance associated with religious and civic festivals , typically enacting or developing upon well-known historical or mythological themes .
According to their website www.tarsandsblockade.org , Almonte and Collins entered the pipeline prior to about 7:30 a.m. local time .
On Sunday , in the deadliest day of fighting for the Israeli military in several years , thirteen Israeli soldiers were reported killed in the Gaza Strip .
Sir Nicholas Winton , MBE visited the Czech Republic today and received the Order of the White Lion from the hands of president Miloš Zeman .
Liszt initially disapproved of his daughter 's involvement with Wagner , though nevertheless the two men were friends .
In 1980 McNamara was succeeded by US President Jimmy Carter 's nominee , Alden W. Clausen .
Sometimes the codomain is called the function 's `` range '' , but more commonly the word `` range '' is used to mean , instead , specifically the set of outputs -LRB- this is also called the image of the function -RRB- .
Russia said the exercises would involve over 100 aircraft .
The Russian Provisional Government was established in its place on the lines of a liberal republic , but this was overthrown by the Bolsheviks who went on to establish the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics .
By 1914 40 % of Russian workers were employed in factories of +1,000 workers -LRB- 32 % in 1901 -RRB- .
In many countries , national Red Cross and Red Crescent societies enjoy exceptional privileges due to agreements with their governments or specific `` Red Cross Laws '' granting full independence as required by the International Movement .
This is reflected in the uses of the Italian word duomo , the German/Icelandic/Danish word dom -LRB- `` cathedral '' -RRB- , and the English word dome as late as 1656 , when it meant a `` Town-House , Guild-Hall , State-House , and Meeting-House in a city . ''
Tropical Storm Thelma in November 1991 killed thousands in the Philippines , although the strongest typhoon to ever make landfall on record was Typhoon Haiyan on November 2013 , causing widespread devastation in the Eastern Visayas and killing at least 6,300 people in that country alone .
A member of the Nehru-Gandhi family , Nehru married Kamala Kaul in 1916 .
Decay energy therefore remains associated with a certain measure of mass of the decay system , called invariant mass , which does not change during the decay , even though the energy of decay is distributed among decay particles .
In the 1960s , Brazil became politically divided with the arrival of a military dictatorship , and the leftist musicians of bossa nova started to gather attention to the music made in the favelas .
This work was intended to draw a distinction between the utopian socialists and Marx 's own scientific socialist philosophy .
The attacks targeted mosques used by supporters of the Houthi rebel movement , who reportedly support former president Ali Abdullah Saleh and now control Sanaa .
Harry King , a former colleague and friend of Derek Batey , described him as `` a proud Cumbrian -LSB- ... -RSB- a people person and was never happier than when he was talking to people .
The Bureau of Meteorology reported a deep low-pressure system has caused heavy rainfall and strong winds which reached 130kph -LRB- 80mph -RRB- .
Columbus therefore estimated the distance from the Canary Islands to Japan to be about 3,000 Italian miles -LRB- 3,700 km , or 2,300 statute miles -RRB- .
This was derived from Henri de Saint Simon , whose ideas inspired the creation of utopian socialism and influenced other ideologies , that stressed solidarity rather than class war and whose conception of productive people in the economy included both productive workers and productive bosses to challenge the influence of the aristocracy and unproductive financial speculators .
Coffee caffeine may aggravate pre-existing conditions such as migraines , arrhythmias , and cause sleep disturbances .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- One of the criticisms of the US Paralympic Committee , and I do n't want to get you in trouble , is that the reason that the US is having problems right now with funding support is that they have been focused on veterans , and ignoring other people with disabilities .
The festival spans eight days , ending on March 28 .
He once tweeted `` Depression really sucks .
Delacroix gives an account of staying at Nohant in a letter of 7 June 1842 :
Other aspects of archaeal biochemistry are unique , such as their reliance on ether lipids in their cell membranes , including archaeols .
Israeli forces killed five .
Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has today announced he will attend Monday 's swearing-in ceremony of India 's next Prime Minister , Narendra Modi .
The Netherlands won the bronze medal game , defeating the United States 74 -- 58 .
Viruses may reach the lung by a number of different routes .
President and Secretary General of the IWBF told Wikinews the women 's competition will in no way be inferior to the men 's .
Ashwani Kumar the Indian Law Minister , said , `` We have taken swift action and hope these steps will make women feel safer in the country . ''
Equipment has been provided not just for for the Fitness Centre , but for gyms at all the Olympic venues .
We tried to squeeze out of the bottom of the wagons to get out and we realised the train was burning -LSB- ... -RSB- I was in the second wagon and there was fire .
Until the fifteenth century , these small states were on the periphery of the major Sudanic empires of the era , paying tribute to Songhai to the west and Kanem-Borno to the east .
It includes the appearance and position of the various parts , the materials from which they are composed , their locations and their relationships with other parts .
The nation remains one of the poorest in the world but last year foreign investment was worth US$ 186 million -LRB- # 118 million ; $ 149 million -RRB- , a 20 % increase .
TEPCO shares dropped yesterday by 2.6 % to 497 yen .
Most animals -LRB- including humans -RRB- and plants reproduce sexually .
He went on to criticise what he called McCluskey 's `` destructive behaviour '' , commenting that : `` Whether in Scotland , or in the contest to come across the UK , we can not have our leaders selected or deselected by the grudges and grievances of one prominent man .
After the altercation with Gauguin , Van Gogh returned to his room , where he was assaulted by voices and severed his left ear with a razor -LRB- either wholly or in part ; accounts differ -RRB- , causing severe bleeding .
Well publicised , malicious allegations have been made against me .
Each R gene confers resistance to a particular virus by triggering localised areas of cell death around the infected cell , which can often be seen with the unaided eye as large spots .
Anna denied that the search had caused it , saying that the haemorrhage had occurred after her husband had been looking for a dropped pen holder .
In drosophila , neuroblasts divide asymmetrically , so that one product is a `` ganglion mother cell '' -LRB- GMC -RRB- , and the other is a neuroblast .
Ma compared him with the contemporary leader Chiang Kai-shek and saw many parallels in the careers and policies of the two men , both of whom he admired .
In their History of Sambo , Brett Jacques and Scott Anderson wrote that in Russia `` judo and SOMBO were considered to be the same thing '' -- albeit with a different uniform and some differences in the rules .
Flights already en-route to the Chicago metropolitan area were still allowed to either continue more slowly or divert to another unaffected airport .
At this time , 17 countries allow same-sex marriage , the most recent being Scotland .
Highly energetic chemistry is thought to have produced a self-replicating molecule around 4 billion years ago , and half a billion years later the last common ancestor of all life existed .
The Director of Naval Construction for the Royal Navy , Eustace Tennyson d'Eyncourt , was appointed to head the Committee in view of his experience with the engineering methods it was felt might be required ; the two other members were naval officers , and a number of industrialists were engaged as consultants .
In contrast , a weak acid only partially dissociates and at equilibrium both the acid and the conjugate base are in solution .
ANC prisoners elected him to their four-man `` High Organ '' along with Sisulu , Govan Mbeki , and Raymond Mhlaba , and he involved himself in a group representing all political prisoners on the island , Ulundi , through which he forged links with PAC and Yu Chi Chan Club members .
Several Latin American heads of state promptly condemned the actions .
Periods in a calendar -LRB- such as years and months -RRB- are usually , though not necessarily , synchronized with the cycle of the sun or the moon .
Resistance was strong in every sector , as Belgian nationalism emerged to oppose French rule .
This calculation must be reversed decisively if peace is to hold .
The Crimean Khanate and other descendants , such as the Mughal royal family of South Asia , are also descended from Genghis Khan : Babur 's mother was a descendant -- whereas his father was directly descended from Timur -LRB- Tamerlane -RRB- .
However , The Onion 's editor Will Tracy humourously remarked their website `` freely shares content with Fars and commends the journalists at Iran 's Finest News Source on their superb reportage '' .
Analects 10.11 tells that Confucius always took a small part of his food and placed it on the sacrificial bowls as an offering to his ancestors .
Working from a null hypothesis , two basic forms of error are recognized : Type I errors -LRB- null hypothesis is falsely rejected giving a `` false positive '' -RRB- and Type II errors -LRB- null hypothesis fails to be rejected and an actual difference between populations is missed giving a `` false negative '' -RRB- .
On the other hand , some chords are more difficult to play in a regular tuning than in standard tuning .
So parades like this are a way of SK saying ` do n't mess with us even though you have nukes . '
They have muscular tongues , which in many species can be protruded .
Additionally , Adam Mickiewicz University in Poland offers a diploma in Interlinguistics .
In addition to the light from the balcony screens , light enters through roof openings covered by chattris at the corners .
Up until the apology , a considerable number of dealers , who had been required to make sure that buyers of Ford cars received the Independent , bought up and destroyed copies of the newspaper rather than alienate customers .
The Age of Enlightenment was preceded by and closely associated with the scientific revolution .
Two skiers were disqualified in their second runs .
The last musical work he had wished to hear was Beethoven 's String Quartet No. 14 in C-sharp minor , Op. 131 ; his friend , violinist Karl Holz , who was present at the gathering , five days before Schubert 's death , commented : `` The King of Harmony has sent the King of Song a friendly bidding to the crossing '' .
The technical term for that last type of writing is ` boustrophedon ' , which means literally ` ox-turning ' for the way a farmer drives an ox to plough his fields .
In this case , energy can only be exchanged between adjacent regions of space , and all observers agree as to the volumetric density of energy in any given space .
Xinhua reported Linux based operating systems are in development for the Chinese market , and the announcement presents business opportunities for those working in the information technology sector .
However , Borodyna said there were 44 people on the 44-seater aircraft .
While Mont Blanc was first climbed in 1786 , most of the Alpine four-thousanders were climbed during the second half of the 19th century ; the ascent of the Matterhorn in 1865 marked the end of the golden age of alpinism .
He was succeeded by Emperor Zhongzong , his eldest surviving son by Wu .
Theft is widespread -- in 2011 , about 83,000 bicycles were stolen in Amsterdam .
The church opposes same-sex marriage .
If the appeal fails all the drivers below him move up one position , meaning first-time entrant Magnussen will have come in second place and Kvyat will be ninth .
According to the Records of the Grand Historian , written by Sima Qian during the Han dynasty , the first emperor was the eldest son of the Qin prince Yiren , who later became King Zhuangxiang of Qin .
In a partnership of NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia -LRB- NSW -RRB- Inc , qualified volunteers were recruited , under the Sporting Shooters Association 's hunting program .
He went on to realize that burning a pound of coal in a steam engine was more economical than a costly pound of zinc consumed in an electric battery .
Protestors were there on December 5 when the request for a new life sentence was made .
Ranked sixth in the world , Great Britain came to London as the home town favorites .
Islam was historically called Muhammadanism in Anglophone societies .
He became friends with a neighbor , Marvin Traub , who shared his passion for photography .
Meanwhile , website Wigan Today has claimed witnesses and an unnamed Greater Manchester Police source informed it some nearby pedestrians took pictures of her body following the crash , although the official police statement does not directly address these claims .
But , everything , yes , is on a set path , except for Reverie .
Many of the above service providers also provide broadband internet and wireless internet access in Mumbai .
Smith argued : `` Grieve has said this is about protecting prince Charles 's impartiality , but that impartiality does n't exist .
In short , such a solution is a model universe that satisfies the laws of general relativity , and possibly additional laws governing whatever matter might be present .
An electric current flowing through a conductor generates a magnetic field surrounding it .
Between 1815 and 1930 around 11.4 million people emigrated from Britain and 7.3 million from Ireland .
But after the German Army invaded the Soviet Union in June 1941 and the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor in December 1941 , the Soviet Union and the Allied powers formed an alliance of convenience .
OT is involved in training to help relearn everyday activities known as the activities of daily living -LRB- ADLs -RRB- such as eating , drinking , dressing , bathing , cooking , reading and writing , and toileting .
Starting from tenth ahead of teammate Ricciardo , he was able to reach sixth by the finish line .
Forecasts based on temperature and precipitation are important to agriculture , and therefore to commodity traders within stock markets .
Most headaches can be diagnosed by the clinical history alone .
But , the rivalry is actually political ; and , has to do with the fears rivals have of what they consider -- I think wrongly -- to be Iran 's hegemonic aspirations in the region .
They built on that for a score of 19 -- 13 with 1:00 minute left in the first .
In 140 BC , Hipparchus -LRB- from Nicaea , Asia Minor -RRB- gave the first tables of chords , analogous to modern tables of sine values , and used them to solve problems in trigonometry and spherical trigonometry .
It is equal to the energy expended -LRB- or work done -RRB- in applying a force of one newton through a distance of one metre .
The students lodged a complaint against certain university and police officials , including Chakrabarti and Additional Commissioner of Police Debasish Roy , on Wednesday morning .
At very high energies , however , the perturbative results are badly divergent and lead to models devoid of predictive power -LRB- `` perturbative non-renormalizability '' -RRB- .
World leaders have condemned the shooting .
`` I would say that in government formation talks we would focus on the Finnish economy and employment .
A high quality leg like the one worn by Oscar Pistorius can cost upwards of AUD$ 10,000 per leg .
The invention has received cautious praise from German medical services ; the drone is still in the development and testing stage .
Tuesday , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- , a 34 member international economic organization founded in 1961 that traces its origins back to the World War II-era Marshall Plan , published results on the state of adult skills in 24 countries , most of them European .
Those affected included eBay , LastPass , and clients of the web hosting company Liquid Web , who lost much of their services until Verizon withdrew some of these new paths .
Dictionaries represent attempts at listing , in alphabetical order , the lexicon of a given language ; usually , however , bound morphemes are not included .
In addition to causing power loss , in resonant circuits this can reduce the Q factor of the circuit , broadening the bandwidth .
The last execution on the present day territory of the Council of Europe took place in 1997 in Ukraine .
At first , Fiji objected for cultural reasons to one part of CEDAW , and said Constitutional sections containing different rules for men and women on their ability to marry foreigners was incompatible with another part .
Labour MP and Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury , Rachel Reeves , said Osborne 's fuel duty plans were `` panicky '' and an `` aspiration '' without funding .
Glasgow saw around 2,500 take to the streets .
It may also , however , be an attempt by speakers of one language or dialect to exert influence over speakers of other languages or dialects -LRB- see Linguistic imperialism -RRB- .
The severity of Kant 's criticisms on these matters , along with his rejection of the possibility of theoretical proofs for the existence of God and his philosophical re-interpretation of some basic Christian doctrines , allow interpretations that see Kant as thoroughly hostile to religion in general and Christianity in particular -LRB- e.g. , Walsh 1967 -RRB- .
While the 12-bar harmonic progression had been intermittently used for centuries , the revolutionary aspect of blues was the frequent use of the flattened third , flattened seventh , and even flattened fifth in the melody , together with crushing -- playing directly adjacent notes at the same time -LRB- i.e. , minor second -RRB- -- and sliding , similar to using grace notes .
Einstein was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1921 for `` his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect '' .
General housekeeping issues can be addressed , including pest control .
The majority of Muslims live in Asia and Africa .
This led to Oborne investigating other coverage of HSBC in the newspaper .
Abortions are usually medical abortions , meaning medication is taken to induce abortion .
The Church sees its liturgy and sacraments as perpetuating the graces achieved through Christ 's sacrifice to strengthen a person 's relationship with Christ and aid in overcoming sin .
From 1905 onwards , the Russian counterparts of these anti-syndicalist anarchist-communists become partisans of economic terrorism and illegal ` expropriations ' . ''
The Talmud -LRB- tractate Berakhot 61b -RRB- refers to the liver as the seat of anger , with the gallbladder counteracting this .
Luxembourg , which is very predominantly Roman Catholic , has five so-called officially recognised cults of national importance -LRB- Roman Catholicism , Protestantism , Greek Orthodoxy , Judaism and Islam -RRB- , a status which gives to those religions some privileges like the payment of a state salary to their priests .
Initially reports placed the fatalities at seven .
It 's a tough balancing act , and this parade is to send that second message .
The pharmacy saves many resources like staff members that are otherwise unavailable in a resource scarce industry .
A video purporting to show the execution of 21 Coptic Christians by supporters of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant -LRB- ISIL -RRB- has been released yesterday .
Science was therefore distinguished as the knowledge of nature and things which are true for every community , and the name of the specialized pursuit of such knowledge was philosophy -- the realm of the first philosopher-physicists .
The Chumar River -LRB- 楚玛尔河 -RRB- is the Chinese name for the northern headwater of the Yangtze , which flows from the Hoh Xil Mountains in Qinghai into the Tongtian .
Its collection was founded in the 1940s by artist and art collector John Power and has been maintained by the University of Sydney .
The creature was named Hadrosaurus foulkii .
Thinking of Dolly & Cleo staff '' , and Lisa Wilkinson posting `` Very sad to hear news that Dolly & Cleo magazines are merging , with expected losses of half the staff .
Some others within the ruling Likud party were not so optimistic about the relationship , with Knesset member Danny Danon criticising Obama for `` ill-advised '' policies towards Israel and hoping Obama `` resets his course relating to Israel and our region for the next four years '' .
Also , in January Nick Griffin was declared bankrupt .
Long-time swimming coach Michael Bohl confirmed Rice 's doubts after the London Olympics in a telephone interview with The Associated Press today .
The Pakistani government has suggested the United States ' fatal missile strike on Mehsud had already ruined peace talk efforts with the Taliban .
Five day experience with playing five games against the Japanese .
It required mortgage lenders to take steps to insure borrowers could repay their mortgages .
Opening a trial anyway , the court also violated ecclesiastical law by denying Joan the right to a legal adviser .
A case history -LRB- usually a written form , with questionnaire -RRB- can provide valuable information about the context of the hearing loss , and indicate what kind of diagnostic procedures to employ .
Xiangling -LRB- 香菱 ; Hawkes/Minford translation : Caltrop ; Meaning : Fragrant Water caltrop -RRB- -- the Xues ' maid , born Zhen Yinglian -LRB- 甄英蓮 , a homophone with `` deserving pity '' -RRB- , the kidnapped and lost daughter to Zhen Shiyin -LRB- 甄士隱 -RRB- , the country gentleman in Chapter 1 .
Paisley 's wife Eileen released a statement saying : `` My beloved husband , Ian , entered his eternal rest this morning .
David Faiman has proposed that `` giant '' solar plants in the Negev could supply all of Israel 's needs for electricity .
All those surveyed lived in , or in close proximity to , the Finnish town of Kuopio , where the University of Eastern Finland is located .
At the time , the World Health Assembly President , Guyana 's Health Minister Leslie Ramsammy , condemned Pope Benedict 's opposition to contraception , saying he was trying to `` create confusion '' and `` impede '' proven strategies in the battle against the disease .
John A. Yervelli Jr. , 48 , was arrested and charged with public lewdness .
From 1920 to 1933 Prohibition in the United States banned the sale of alcoholic drinks , resulting in illicit speakeasies which became lively venues of the `` Jazz Age '' , hosting popular music including current dance songs , novelty songs and show tunes .
Former bassist Mike Bishop paid tribute in an interview with Style Weekly .
The movement stressed the importance of `` nature '' in art and language , in contrast to `` monstrous '' machines and factories ; the `` Dark satanic mills '' of Blake 's poem `` And did those feet in ancient time '' .
Most cases of iron-deficiency anemia are mild , but if not treated can cause problems like fast or irregular heartbeat , complications during pregnancy , and delayed growth in infants and children .
The alveoli are open -LRB- via the airways -RRB- to the atmosphere , with the result that alveolar air pressure is exactly the same as the ambient air pressure at sea level , at altitude , or in any artificial atmosphere -LRB- e.g. a diving chamber , or decompression chamber -RRB- in which the individual is breathing freely .
Following a lull of approximately an hour , police entered the apartment and found the man dead from an alleged self-inflicted gunshot wound .
Although his work Peri Physeos -LRB- On Nature -RRB- is a poem , it may be viewed as an epistemological essay on method in natural science .
The Illinois House of Representatives voted 61 -- 54 yesterday to approve a law allowing for same-sex marriage .
The rugby team 's gold medal brought Australia 's count to 32 , and the total medals to 85 , putting Australia in fifth place .
A strong history for promoting economic growth , including our latest bill this year was Senate Bill 1 .
There are considerable regulatory hurdles that must be cleared for such therapies .
Pennsylvania House Majority Leader Mike Turzai told his fellow Republicans the voter ID law was `` going to allow Governor Romney to win the state of Pennsylvania '' .
In preparation for a quarterly meeting of the Marine Corps Uniform Board scheduled for next week , a survey was sent out asking for feedback on whether women 's hats should be made to more closely model the current men 's dress hat or if all Marines should switch to the Dan Daly cap .
The men are members of Sunni militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi , and were found guilty in 2004 of the 2001 murder of a Shia doctor named Ali Raza Peerani .
Lunar regolith was found to be highly cohesive because of van der Waals forces between grains by the Apollo 17 expedition in 1974 .
Other viral infections occur when contaminated airborne droplets are inhaled through the mouth or nose .
Former First Lady Nancy Reagan released a statement regarding the death of her `` dear friend '' Sarah Brady .
Australian government originally had no response , but after protests by Labor and the Greens , Tony Abbott commented .
He would later claim total responsibility for the design of these houses , but careful inspection of their architectural style and accounts from historian Robert Twombly suggest that it was Sullivan who dictated the overall form and motifs of the residential works ; Wright 's design duties were often reduced to detailing the projects from Sullivan 's sketches .
The North Pole is substantially warmer than the South Pole because it lies at sea level in the middle of an ocean -LRB- which acts as a reservoir of heat -RRB- , rather than at altitude on a continental land mass .
The empire in the East -- often known as the Byzantine Empire , but referred to in its time as the Roman Empire or by various other names -- had a different fate .
Armstrong later spent a few years as a NASA manager .
His family released a statement saying they are `` incredibly proud '' of him and that he `` loved hearing the many stories of people who had quit after seeing his ads or hearing his interviews . ''
Because even when tarnished , silver has superior electrical conductivity , it is used in some electrical and electronic products , notably high quality connectors for RF , VHF , and higher frequencies , particularly in tuned circuits such as cavity filters where conductors can not be scaled by more than 6 % .
Specifically , methane is released during its cultivation .
Initially travelling to Germany , Selek , now 43 , then headed to France .
Wales was fully incorporated into the Kingdom of England , and Ireland was constituted as a kingdom in personal union with the English crown .
In Sochi , Lujan is rooming with Heath Calhoun , the 2010 Winter Paralympics United States flag bearer .
Brazil competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics where they did not win a single match .
The Mile , which contains one of the densest displays of culture in the world , is actually three blocks longer than one mile -LRB- 1.6 km -RRB- .
The body would play an important role during the political integration of India , helping Indian leaders Vallabhbhai Patel and V.P. Menon -LRB- to whom Nehru had delegated the task of integrating the princely states into India -RRB- negotiate with hundreds of princes .
The suspicious deaths of Jochid princes in Hulagu 's service , unequal distribution of war booty , and Hulagu 's massacres of the Muslims increased the anger of Berke , who considered supporting a rebellion of the Georgian Kingdom against Hulagu 's rule in 1259 -- 1260 .
Would that not move further away , rather than closer to , the boundary between the two ?
Globally , societies were hunter-gatherers but evidence of regional identities begins to appear in the wide variety of stone tool types being developed to suit very different environments .
In 1876 , Chekhov 's father was declared bankrupt after overextending his finances building a new house , having been cheated by a contractor called Mironov .
Glasgow -- Last weekend , December 8 , The Reid Foundation , a left-leaning think-tank , launched The Common Weal , a vision for a more socially just and inclusive post-Independence Scotland .
In honour of Star Wars Day , the skaters were introduced wearing Jedi-style hooded cloaks and carrying light sabres .
The researchers identified differences between different specimens , including those in their teeth , skull shapes , and DNA sequences .
Some are staple foods but most are accessory foodstuffs , adding variety to meals with their unique flavors and at the same time , adding nutrients necessary for health .
Detailed analysis of the visible and microwave data revealed that the periodical changes of brightness are not completely symmetrical around the solstices , which also indicates a change in the meridional albedo patterns .
In July this year , the Bolivian presidential aircraft was prevented from landing in Portugal to refuel , allegedly at the request of the U.S. administration .
A helicopter hit a crane on the top of a high-rise building , St George Wharf Tower , in Vauxhall , Central London today , killing the pilot , Pete Barnes , and another person not in the helicopter .
And so this idea that I violated a caucus confidence is unfortunate , it 's wrong , it 's untrue , it 's misleading , and , hopefully , this will help correct that record .
Through his dignity , grace and the quality of his forgiveness , he made racism everywhere not just immoral but stupid ; something not only to be disagreed with , but to be despised .
On the other hand , other scholars believe that the majority of martyrdoms may have occurred at other venues within the city of Rome , rather than at the Colosseum , citing a lack of still-intact physical evidence or historical records .
The Philippines central bank has cut key interest rates three times already this year in order to continue this economic expansion .
The President 's action has met with bipartisan support from within the swing state of Colorado ; although national Republican leaders have criticised presidential use of the 1906 act , citing concerns that where mineral , or fossil fuel , resources may be present such action `` locks them up '' .
In 1980 , airlines were barred from discriminating against flight attendances for their marital status during the hiring and firing stage .
Ed Davis from the Boston police informed the media that persons wishing to contact persons at the scene should phone 617-635-4500 .
He argued earlier this month : `` Any assurances that we are given that distinguishing between churches will not be used at some point by European courts to drive a coach and horses through the legislation carries little credibility with those of us who have watched similar assurances trounced in the past . ''
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- Is DNA testing difficult to conduct on bones of such an age ?
The former state man is to be laid to rest amongst his ancestors tomorrow .
The use of infinitesimals in mathematics was frowned upon by followers of Karl Weierstrass , but survived in science and engineering , and even in rigorous mathematics , via the fundamental computational device known as the differential .
So far , 25 people have died in the state as a result of the torrential rains and heavy flooding .
If the head of state of a republic is also the head of government , this is called a presidential system .
The nails of burrowing species tend to be long and strong , while arboreal rodents have shorter , sharper nails .
The Barclay brothers , owners of the Telegraph , `` are being held to account '' , according to Greenslade , and Oborne `` has shone a light on a dark reality '' .
Another tribute came from former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords .
During the brief debate in the Lords , Peers supporting the law wore pink carnations .
The earliest known true snake fossils -LRB- members of the crown group Serpentes -RRB- come from the marine simoliophiids , the oldest of which is the Late Cretaceous -LRB- Cenomanian age -RRB- Haasiophis terrasanctus , dated to between 112 and 94 million years old .
And of course , as the leader of the United States , I would have to be articulate in that and make my case for intervention .
A 21.5 kilometres -LRB- 13.4 mi -RRB- , $ 1.7 Billion Phase 1 , metro route is being negotiated by the Government with Japan International Cooperation Agency .
Ukraine 's Anna Tovsta won gold in the women 's 800m freestyle .
Cuiping Zhang of China won gold with a final score of 500.9 which set a new world record .
Terror Nights , an attraction in Tyler , opens for the season on September 27 .
Viruses also make the body more susceptible to bacterial infections ; in this way , bacterial pneumonia can arise as a co-morbid condition .
It would appear that Stalin intended to use the starvation as a cheap and efficient means -LRB- as opposed to deportations and shootings -RRB- to kill off those deemed to be `` counterrevolutionaries , '' `` idlers , '' and `` thieves , '' but not to annihilate the Ukrainian peasantry as a whole .
Sarah Stewart missed too before a Mexican turnover led to the first scoring of the quarter , by Sarah Stewart .
During the first day of Mr Gröning 's trial , he denied any direct role in the killings , though he did admit to having witnessed them .
State policy has influenced the funding of public works and science for thousands of years , dating at least from the time of the Mohists , who inspired the study of logic during the period of the Hundred Schools of Thought , and the study of defensive fortifications during the Warring States period in China .
In other tables , lutetium and lawrencium are the remaining group 3 members .
Thus the learned and upper class religious churches who preach the theodicy of fortune , ultimately support capitalism and corporation , while the churches who adopted the theodicy of misfortune , instead preached equality and fairness .
One of the survivors , Mohamed Saber el-Sebaei , told journalists he was praying when the confrontation started : `` Just before we finished , the shooting started .
One of these studies , published in the Journal of Nutrition , concludes that there are :
Investigators are focusing on the ATR 72-600 's engines .
For the Australians , it was a rare opportunity to play teams from neighboring countries .
Evidence was given from some members of the Islamic Council of Victoria suggesting that Mr Causevic was capable of being guided away from extremist Islamic ideology if he is granted bail .
The type of collagen an animal has in its bones varies according to its DNA and , in both cases , this collagen was of the same type found in modern chickens and ostriches .
He dubbed himself a director as he joked around with the other musicians .
More recently developed `` deflationary '' or `` minimalist '' theories of truth have emerged as competitors to the older substantive theories .
Foale will now be spending his time helping to advance green aviation technology , his aim being to develop an electric aircraft .
Indians are the largest South Asian group , comprising 2.4 % of the city 's population , with Bangladeshis and Pakistanis at 0.7 % and 0.5 % , respectively .
The leader of Kataeb , which is also known as the Phalange , Sami al-Gemayel is a strong opponent of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
The quarter ended 13 -- 19 thanks to a last minute shot by Hunt .
Many of these parties can trace their beginnings back to the 1960s -- 1990s struggle against the Iraqi army , many of whom continue to maintain militias which are now being deployed to reinforce the Kurdish army in the region .
Served by Chemins de Fer Syriens , the former main railway station of Damascus was al-Hejaz railway station , about 1 km -LRB- 5⁄8 mi -RRB- west of the old city .
`` I am inclined to follow the recommendations of the Centers for Disease Control in implementing needle exchanges , '' Washburne said in an interview with Wikinews .
Ghani 's observers were later asked to withdraw by the United Nations monitors overseeing the process .
TV commentators spoke of `` fascination throughout the field '' as big names retired and new names proved themselves .
In the same poll , 56 % of respondents held a more favorable opinion of Romney following the debate , while 11 % expressed a poorer opinion and 32 % did not change their opinion of the Republican .
Bullets went through the doors and everyone threw themselves to the floor . ''
The city of Rome was utterly transformed under Augustus , with Rome 's first institutionalized police force , fire fighting force , and the establishment of the municipal prefect as a permanent office .
Sporadic media appearances , such as those during the Paralympic fortnight , will hardly suffice to land disabled athletes major contracts ; an athlete has to be in the constant media and popular spotlights to secure lucrative contracts .
The Aviation Safety Council has teamed up with engine manufacturer Pratt & Whitney Canada to examine the engines .
Inter Press Service reported the turn out of eight million was at odds with the widespread lack of activity reported in polling stations during the vote .
Bats are the only mammals that can truly fly .
Chocolat , a 1999 novel by Joanne Harris , tells the story of Vianne Rocher , a young mother , whose confections change the lives of the townspeople .
Earlier this month , 40 United States senators signed a legal brief arguing against the constitutionality of the federal Defense of Marriage Act that was submitted to the Supreme Court .
Additionally we developed a simple optimal-foraging model and compared its prediction with observed patterns .
At this time , Michelangelo sculpted the reliefs Madonna of the Steps -LRB- 1490 -- 1492 -RRB- and Battle of the Centaurs -LRB- 1491 -- 1492 -RRB- .
On June 18 , the attraction was closed when a man threatened to throw himself off the edge of the tower .
This can easily be understood by considering the direction of the greatest principal stress , the direction of the force that ` pushes ' the rock mass during the faulting .
In addition to the United States , nations hosting multiple Winter Games are France with three , while Switzerland , Austria , Norway , Japan , Canada and Italy have hosted twice .
There can be no halfway house , no quasi-independence underpinned by UK institutions . ''
To receive the latest news , please visit wikinews.org , presenting up-to-date , relevant , newsworthy and entertaining content without bias .
Over half the medals won by the United States came in swimming , with 7 total .
In Russia , Peter II of Russia died of the disease at 15 years of age .
The body of the former state man lay in state through yesterday .
At least nine others were injured during the attack in which the assailants used machine guns and grenades .
Although the Sikh Gurus and Sikh religious teachings criticize the hierarchy of the caste system , the caste system is still present in some Sikh communities .
His keyboard style is highly individual and often technically demanding ; his own performances were noted for their nuance and sensitivity .
Personal income , tax revenue , profits and prices dropped , while international trade plunged by more than 50 % .
At this point , ignition can spontaneously occur before the spark plug fires , causing excessive cylinder pressures .
The result is a further tidal effect of the Moon on the Earth that causes a bulge of the solid portion of the Earth nearest the Moon that acts as a torque in opposition to the Earth 's rotation .
We quantified bee visit rates at plant with and without ant nests , assessed the pollination effectiveness of the different flower visitors , examined the association between weaver ant presence ant fruit an seed set and finally we tested whether weaver ants were attracted to flowers .
Those which perform best are used as a model to create a subsequent `` generation '' of robots .
Traces of these compounds can leach out of the product .
About 300 species from the Red Sea have been identified in the Mediterranean , and there are probably others yet unidentified .
In modern mathematics , a function is defined by its set of inputs , called the domain ; a set containing the set of outputs , and possibly additional elements , as members , called its codomain ; and the set of all input-output pairs , called its graph .
Bets are also being taken by Paddy Power for the name of the next Pope , with Peter their odds-on favorite at 2/1 .
NASA has finally accomplished its first spaceflight with the new Orion spacecraft , uncrewed , on Friday morning .
Two out of six Supreme Court justices said there was no need for the lower court to consider this because disenfranchisement would obviously occur .
The normal sinus rhythm of the heart , giving the resting heart rate , is influenced a number of factors .
The third quarter ended 62 -- 27 .
Phasmatodea and Embiidina have been suggested to form the Eukinolabia .
In contrast , male mosquitoes are not bloodsuckers ; they only drink sugary fluids .
When Timur captured the Ottoman Sultan Bayezid at Ankara , he was often praised and seen as a trusted ally by European rulers such as Charles VI of France and Henry IV of England because they believed he was saving Christianity from the Turkish Empire in the Middle East .
Their remaining games in pool play are against Canada , Lithuania , Egypt , China and Japan .
Silver is also used in plasmonic solar cells .
She even introduced numerous revised written characters to the written language , which reverted to the originals after her death .
Some threw rocks at them while others threw molotov cocktails , forcing opponents to retreat .
A severe outbreak of Rift Valley fever occurred after extreme rainfall in north-eastern Kenya and southern Somalia during the 1997 -- 98 El Niño .
And how Senator Long had controlled the process .
He called sending troops outside Lebanon to protect the country `` a completely new phase '' for Hezbollah .
In the 1960s , the Internacia Asocio de Bibliistoj kaj Orientalistoj tried to organize a new , ecumenical Esperanto Bible version .
Three of the men were rescued by a supply boat about 24 hours after the sinking .
The state emergency service said because the bodies of the deceased `` sustained severe burns '' , they have not been identified .
He is slated to propose his first budget to the Pennsylvania General Assembly on March 3 for the fiscal year beginning July 1 .
Scientists have successfully created a Lithium ion micro-battery the size of a grain of sand .
Clark is variously reported to be either 21 or 22 .
The European Federation of Professional Psychology Associations , founded in 1981 , represents 30 national associations with a total of 100,000 individual members .
Mattamy Athletic Centre , Toronto , Canada -- Canada has won the 2014 Women 's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship at the Mattamy Athletic Centre in Toronto , defeating Germany 54 -- 50 in the gold medal match yesterday afternoon .
Ofqual is responsible for ensuring fairness and accuracy in the system '' , said Deputy General Sectretary of the of the ASCL union Malcolm Trobe .
While Coster appears to have experimented with moulds and castable metal type , there is no evidence that he had actually printed anything with this technology .
The sport has become very popular , and the bout was sold out .
For the motion to go through on May 29 it must win the support of 75 % of the 209 voters .
Stones in the D-Z color range can be examined through the DiamondSure UV/visible spectrometer , a tool developed by De Beers .
Bauer Media have released a statement addressing the situation , claiming to be `` continually reviewing every aspect of its business , looking at new opportunities for growth and investment , whilst ensuring all divisions are working as efficiently and effectively as possible '' .
LAM Mozambique Airlines Flight 470 took off from the Mozambique capital 's airport at 11:26 CAT -LRB- 0926 UTC -RRB- Friday and was scheduled to reach an airport in Luanda , the capital of Angola , at 14:10 WAT -LRB- 1310 UTC -RRB- .
Fairfax organized a professional surveying party to lay out large tracts of land along the border of western Virginia , where the young Washington gained invaluable experience in the field .
The earliest evidence of chess is found in the nearby Sassanid Persia around 600 , where the game came to be known by the name chatrang .
5.5 % of the population are estimated to speak languages brought to the UK as a result of relatively recent immigration .
Noah Haynes Swayne , nominated January 21 , 1862 and appointed January 24 , 1862 , was chosen as an anti-slavery lawyer who was committed to the Union .
Several nationalist leaders banded together in 1916 under the leadership of Annie Besant to voice a demand for self-government , and to obtain the status of a Dominion within the British Empire as enjoyed by Australia , Canada , South Africa , New Zealand and Newfoundland at the time .
Paul VI later expanded the committee 's scope to freely examine all methods , and the committee 's unreleased final report was rumoured to suggest permitting at least some methods of contraception .
In the past , there has been significant governmental intervention in wheat markets , such as price supports in the US and farm payments in the EU .
The reporters asked a variety of questions .
For example , the website `` African-American Involvement in the Vietnam War '' compiles examples of such coverage , as does the print and broadcast work of journalist Wallace Terry .
Most insects , except some species of cave crickets , are able to perceive light and dark .
The percentage for the yen has however declined from 18 % in 2000 .
Mario : Well , when Google shut down the AdSense account .
The Gallipoli Campaign of the First World War is remembered as a failed attack in which thousands of lives were lost for little to no gain for either side .
Isabel : And for me , what I want the purpose to be , is to inspire people .
The overwhelming majority of delegates expressed agreement , but Defense Minister Lin Biao staunchly defended Mao .
These variations can make the difference between a double and a triple or inside-the-park home run .
The hurricane has also affected the election campaigning plans of the two main presidential candidates Mitt Romney and Barack Obama .
Maroochydore would get three points back with eight minutes left in the half but gave Noosa an intercept try a minute later .
In the Slavic Alps alone 19 dialects have been identified .
There is tentative evidence that those with asthma and airway hyperreactivity are at increased risk of COPD .
Said this elsewhere but I genuinely feel like I lost a friend , do n't care how lame that sounds .
The airline further say they `` look forward to correcting Mr Goss 's defamatory claims in court '' .
In the summer of 1746 , Linnaeus was once again commissioned by the Government to carry out an expedition , this time to the Swedish province of Västergötland .
However , this theory has recently been called into dispute , when samples taken from several 7 million year old sand deposits led scientists to reconsider the timeline for desertification .
More tributes came from other celebrities .
Eusébio da Silva Ferreira , known at the Black Panther , scored 41 goals in 64 appearances for the Portuguese men 's national football team , was voted the best player in the world in 1965 , and won the World Cup Golden Boot in 1966 after scoring nine goals .
There are approximately 5 × 1030 bacteria on Earth , forming a biomass which exceeds that of all plants and animals .
In 64 BC , the Roman general Pompey annexed the western part of Syria .
The report alleges that the United States and Libya , together with governments from Africa , Asia , and Europe such as the United Kingdom , collaborated in detaining former members of LIFG living outside Libya then deporting them back to Libya where they were allegedly tortured .
Starting in autumn of 1901 he painted several posthumous portraits of Casagemas , culminating in the gloomy allegorical painting La Vie -LRB- 1903 -RRB- , now in the Cleveland Museum of Art .
The move confirms the carrier 's expression of intent to sue Channel 4 after the UK broadcaster screened Secrets of the Cockpit , a documentary about safety at the airline , on Monday night .
Politics is exercised on a wide range of social levels , from clans and tribes of traditional societies , through modern local governments , companies and institutions up to sovereign states , to the international level .
Isaac said Bourque lost his job because of `` attitude related issues , being defiant , not doing what he was supposed to be doing '' .
The death penalty was banned in China between 747 and 759 .
They wrote , `` There is nothing more valuable to public safety than community trust in local law enforcement because it establishes residents ' willingness to report crimes and cooperate with police .
Although dan ranks tend to be consistent between national organizations there is more variation in the kyū grades , with some countries having more kyū grades .
Exoskeletons are derived from the epidermis and is composed of chitin in arthropods -LRB- insects , spiders , ticks , shrimps , crabs , lobsters -RRB- .
However , with the introduction of Unicode , Romanization is now becoming less necessary .
There were 480,000 visitors and 27,500 people staying overnight each day in 2012 .
O'Brien had been expected to take part in the papal conclave to decide the next Pope and to retire shortly thereafter .
He said projects will now be prioritized , such as decongesting major routes instead of announcing new ones .
On 15 March they started the descent of the falls , which took five months and cost numerous lives .
Verdi , the first child of Carlo Giuseppe Verdi -LRB- 1785 -- 1867 -RRB- and Luigia Uttini -LRB- 1787 -- 1851 -RRB- , was born at their home in Le Roncole , a village near Busseto , then in the Département Taro and within the borders of the First French Empire following the annexation of the Duchy of Parma and Piacenza in 1808 .
Space transport services company SpaceX launched their fifth Dragon resupply vehicle to the International Space Station yesterday .
Beginning in 1973 , several spacecraft have performed planetary flyby maneuvers that brought them within observation range of Jupiter .
During this time Pakistan recorded victories over such nations as China and the United Arab Emirates .
To date , only a few species have been studied thoroughly enough to get an idea of how turtles breathe .
This steering is usually provided by the rider , but under certain conditions may be provided by the bicycle itself .
The 95 kilometer long southern portage railway -LRB- 南岸翻坝铁路 -RRB- will run from Maoping -LRB- upstream of the dam -RRB- via Yichang South Railway Station to Zhicheng -LRB- on the Jiaozuo -- Liuzhou Railway -RRB- .
By reducing drag on the non-working engine , a twin turboprop plane can fly safely using only its other engine .
Gold contact allergies affect mostly women .
It regulates the storage of glycogen which it can form from glucose -LRB- glycogenesis -RRB- .
Tributes have been paid to the conductor including one from the Jungen Philharmonie Zentralschweiz student orchestra .
In a separate incident , Christians forwarded a story on the Internet from The Onion saying children were converting to Satanism as a result of reading the Harry Potter book series .
Farhi : It is less about trust and more about protection of geopolitical interests and prevention of even more dire consequences if Assad goes .
Cook 's voyages were involved in another unusual first .
Scotland 's prisons are overcrowded but the prison population is shrinking .
McFly band member Dougie Poynter paid tribute to Hardman on Instagram ; he posted alongside a photograph of him , `` So sad to hear about Lil Chris .
Nerves can be damaged by physical injury as well conditions like carpal tunnel syndrome and repetitive strain injury .
Other mathematical achievements include deriving an accurate approximation of pi , defining and investigating the spiral bearing his name , and creating a system using exponentiation for expressing very large numbers .
Sacred groves exist in China , India , Africa and elsewhere .
Many of the Germanic people that filled the power vacuum left by the Western Roman Empire in the Early Middle Ages codified their laws .
The North Shore , an upper middle class area , has one of the highest property prices in Sydney with the recent property price inflation sending the average property prices in suburbs such as Roseville , Lindfield , Killara and Gordon over 2 million dollars .
They differ mostly in that they are manufactured to tighter tolerances than the corresponding bolts .
During the show , Bono also added , `` A lot of U2 songs over the years were written to fill a void , an absence , a hole in a heart left by a loved one .
In the later days , high society Aztec women started to wear Mixtec clothing , specifically the quexquemetl .
It is possible to extend the definition of temperature even to systems of few particles , like in a quantum dot .
Hunt said PwC `` will continue to ensure that employees are paid as they assist us during the closure '' at Jessops .
The members of these caravans had , in vain , besought his mercy by reciting the truce between the Muslims and the Crusaders , but Raynald ignored this and insulted the Islamic prophet , Muhammad , before murdering and torturing a number of them .
Thursday , before the ground maneuver , a temporary ceasefire took place for about five hours .
Oborne says the failure of the Telegraph to cover HSBC is also present in the relative coverage given in November 2014 after the bank had to allocate a fund of # 1 billion to compensate customers , as well as an investigation into manipulation of the currency market : Oborne argues these developments were given considerable coverage in competing newspapers including the Guardian , Times , and Mail but the Telegraph covered them only briefly several pages into the business section .
The freshwater stoneworts strongly resemble land plants and are believed to be their closest relatives .
Being in a gentleman 's library Euclid 's Elements lay open , and 't was the forty-seventh proposition * in the first book .
As Sweden was rich in copper , its low value necessitated extraordinarily big coins , often weighing several kilograms .
On top of these forces , Napoleon created a cavalry reserve of 22,000 organized into two cuirassier divisions , four mounted dragoon divisions , one division of dismounted dragoons , and one of light cavalry , all supported by 24 artillery pieces .
For example , the seller might drop the price of the product to $ 0.70 so that , after adding in the tax , the buyer pays a total of $ 1.20 , or $ 0.20 more than he did before the $ 0.50 tax was imposed .
In a eulogy he spoke about the contest between Fraser and Whitlam , he said `` The fact that Gough and Malcolm , who were the leaders in the toughest political contest in the nation 's history , came to respect and like each other demonstrates what big men they were . ''
On 7 September 1991 the German research vessel Polarstern and the Swedish icebreaker Oden reached the North Pole as the first conventional powered vessels .
Players compete while sitting in a sledge , which has two blades at the back that can be no longer than a third of the length of the sledge .
Industry minister Toshimitsu Motegi has already announced increased governmental supervision of TEPCO 's leak mitigation after two other leaks this year .
According to Wikileaks , the whistle blowing website , a document shows the U.S. would use Cyprus as the main base of operations to launch an airstrike against Syria .
Each embryo develops in its own egg .
Transponder data indicates the autopilot was told to descend form 38,000 feet to 100 feet .
When intrinsically active neurons are connected to each other in complex circuits , the possibilities for generating intricate temporal patterns become far more extensive .
In 1999 , 12 of the 15 members of the EU joined the Eurozone replacing their former national currencies by the common euro .
According to the US Department of State there were no injuries to consulate personnel .
The designer ensures that the dam is heavy enough that the dam 's weight wins that contest .
These major mountain ranges act as a barrier causing a strong rain shadow effect on the leeward side by dropping much of the humidity brought by atmospheric disturbances along the polar front which affects the surrounding Mediterranean climates .
About twenty other passengers were rescued by the villagers from being drowned .
It was also to credibly communicate -- literally show to the North -- possession of an adequate deterrent force , a force that is both capable and credible .
Translation of sung texts is generally much more restrictive than translation of poetry , because in the former there is little or no freedom to choose between a versified translation and a translation that dispenses with verse structure .
The violence in the region has intensified this year , with Amnesty International saying over 4,000 people have been killed since January , compared to the 3,600 estimated casualties in the four years previously .
Symbolism was a device to distinguish the main features of the Revolution and ensure public identification and support .
In one incident , on September 23 , two Red Cross volunteers buried an Ebola victim , and were then attacked .
The speech was criticised later by liberal political scientist Alexander Gradovsky , who thought that Dostoyevsky idolised `` the people '' , and by conservative thinker Konstantin Leontiev , who , in his essay `` On Universal Love '' , compared the speech to French utopian socialism .
The New York Psychoanalytic Institute was founded in 1931 .
Fair territory between home plate and the outfield boundary is baseball 's field of play , though significant events can take place in foul territory , as well .
Second , as a person ages the skin becomes less adept at producing vitamin D.
Whereas in the past I think we 've been afraid to offend people with what we say .
The French colonial authorities , in French Indochina , sided with the Vichy regime .
-RRB- varies minimally around 5.3 kPa -LRB- 40 mmHg -RRB- throughout the respiratory cycle -LRB- of inhalation and exhalation -RRB- .
This process of legal modernization began with the Edict of Gülhane of 1839 .
The Metro runs services from 05:00 am to 12:00 midnight , Monday to Saturday , and from 07:00 am to 11:00 pm Sundays and public holidays .
Both of them mean the door is closed for exporting to the United States .
UV radiation was discovered in 1801 when the German physicist Johann Wilhelm Ritter observed that invisible rays just beyond the violet end of the visible spectrum darkened silver chloride-soaked paper more quickly than violet light itself .
The threats take place against a backdrop of political debate in the state over legalizing same-sex marriage , with the possibility of the Illinois House and Senate addressing the issue during their fall session .
When the speculation took place regarding Senator Lugar and also Congressman Burton , we did have brief discussions with my family , with my daughters , around our kitchen table .
The agency has been able to stay open during the government shutdown because it is funded by the Federal Reserve .
Each of these parameters is discussed in turn .
Heather Brooke , a campaigner who has been involved in the release and publication of MPs ' expenses and the scandal that followed , said the alleged doorstepping was `` a public interest piece of reporting '' , noting that the journalist from the Telegraph had to visit the property to work out who was living there .
The Roman world was largely free from large-scale conflict for more than two centuries , despite continuous wars of imperial expansion on the Empire 's frontiers and the year-long civil war known as the `` Year of the Four Emperors '' over the imperial succession .
After a half time cheerleading demonstration by the Canberra Sirens Cheerleaders , Hunt , Wilson , Norwood , Cosier and Argossi started in the third quarter .
There is linguistic evidence that bananas were known in Madagascar around that time .
During the 19th century , mathematicians began to develop many different abstractions which share certain properties of numbers and may be seen as extending the concept .
This has been coupled with a steady rise in average ship size and in the numbers of Panamax vessels passing through the canal , so that the total tonnage carried rose from 227.9 million PC/UMS tons in fiscal year 1999 to a then record high of 312.9 million tons in 2007 , and falling to 299.1 million tons in 2009 .
During that period , he listened to what LoBrutto describes as `` every available recording of seventeenth-and eighteenth - century music , acquiring thousands of records to find Handel 's sarabande used to score the scene '' .
I 'm not going to spend $ 200 or $ 300 a month for health insurance because I 'm healthy , I do n't need it .
In the 19th century warship propulsion changed from sail power to fossil fuel-powered steam engines .
Various estimates put the number in-attendance between 1,200 and 1,600 .
For others that represent a change of state , the - te iru form indicates a perfect aspect .
Despite their mostly small size , lava from the cones has obscured large portions of the mountain .
The choice of antibiotic will depend on several factors , including the suspected causative organism and whether pneumonia was acquired in the community or developed in a hospital setting .
The plan was approved by Johnson and marked a profound departure from the previous administration 's insistence that the government of South Vietnam was responsible for defeating the guerrillas .
So then I had to discuss it with the wife because it meant initially that would want us to move to Sydney .
Modi 's critics allege he let the inter-religious violence happen without much effort to stop it .
Some pathways to reduce the carbon emissions of road vehicles considerably have been studied .
Following the poll results , the Conservative Party fired a volley of negative remarks towards Labour .
From the time of Ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle to the 19th century , `` natural philosophy '' encompassed astronomy , medicine and physics .
Augustus was intelligent , decisive , and a shrewd politician , but he was not perhaps as charismatic as Julius Caesar , and was influenced on occasion by his third wife , Livia -LRB- sometimes for the worse -RRB- .
In the television show Red Dwarf , which begins in the late 22nd century , crewman Arnold Rimmer constantly spends his time trying to learn Esperanto and failing , even compared to his bunkmate Dave Lister who only maintains a casual interest .
The event is a curtain raiser for the WEMBO World Solo 24 hour Mountain Bike Championships , which will be held at Stromlo Forest Park on 12 and 13 October 2013 .
The streets are full of a dirty , slushy mix of black snow and water -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- my -RSB- trip to The Hague was canceled because the bus company did n't want to risk getting stuck in the snow . ''
`` Since indicating that I did not intend to support the redefinition of marriage , my religion 's been disparaged , I 've been branded homophobic and bigoted , I 've been likened to the Ku Klux Klan and it was suggested that I be burnt at the stake as a witch '' , Smith claimed .
Labour leader Ed Miliband said Benn was an `` iconic figure of our age '' , `` a champion of the powerless , a great parliamentarian and a conviction politician '' .
Officials said at least fifteen people were killed in an attack on a teachers training college in the Northern Nigerian city of Kano by a group of armed gunmen on Wednesday .
The sinoatrial node is found in the upper part of the right atrium near to the junction with the superior vena cava .
Following a study linking poisonous crown-of-thorns starfish to 42 percent of Australia 's Great Barrier Reef destruction in recent decades , James Cook University Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies in Queensland has developed a culture to destroy the reef-killing starfish , announced yesterday .
University opened the scoring at 14 minutes as winger Darren Gibson scored in the south east corner .
The remainder is believed to consist of 26.8 percent cold dark matter and 68.3 percent dark energy .
But to me the ultimate issue was bringing this whole thing to closure and by denying people the right to vote this November we did not bring this to closure .
I would like to repeat one point : the notion of a simple nationalized divide between East and West Ukraine is both false and counter-productive .
Newton 's method , an iterative method to solve equations approximately , can also be used to calculate the logarithm , because its inverse function , the exponential function , can be computed efficiently .
When DNA repair is deficient DNA damage remains in cells at a higher than usual level -LRB- 5th level -RRB- and cause increased frequencies of mutation and/or epimutation -LRB- 6th level -RRB- .
In the modern era , the Greek language entered a state of diglossia : the coexistence of vernacular and archaizing written forms of the language .
The reconciliation of the contradiction that you point out is really `` love the sinner , hate the sin '' type deal .
The Royal Australian Navy towed back arriving asylum seekers to Rote Island , Indonesia , after claiming Christmas Island destination , Indonesian National Police reported Monday of last week .
In 1906 the Germans Max Dieckmann and Gustav Glage produced raster images for the first time in a CRT .
The main division can be seen between the mainline Protestant and evangelical denominations and their relation to the class into which their particular theodicy pertains .
The Jacoby rule is widely used in money play but is not used in match play .
Valenciano took to Twitter while the show aired to say , `` So ?
In The Time Machine -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , the Empire State Building is still standing in the year 2030 , but dwarfed by several larger skyscrapers around it .
Though the impact of the U.S. actions on subsequent events is debatable , by late June , Arbenz came to the conclusion that resistance against the `` giant of the north '' was futile and resigned .
and United States fans chanting `` U-S-A !
Most of the helium in the crust of the Earth -LRB- about 99 % of the helium from gas wells , as shown by its lower abundance of helium-3 -RRB- is a product of alpha decay .
As home to Pakistan 's largest ports and a large portion of its manufacturing base , Karachi contributes a large share of Pakistan 's collected tax revenue .
The procedure occurred automatically due to the fact the French citizens died abroad .
The Oyo Empire , unable to adapt , collapsed into civil wars .
For a second time , WBC failed to appear .
Other countries were not so keen : Fred Phelps and his daughter Shirley Phelps-Roper were banned from entering the United Kingdom in order to take part in a planned protest against The Laramie Project , a play about the death of Matthew Shephard .
People of nontraditional sexual orientations can take part in the competitions and all other events at the games unhindered , without any fear for their safety whatsoever . ''
Italian authorities committed ethnic cleansing by forcibly expelling 100,000 Bedouin Cyrenaicans , half the population of Cyrenaica in Libya , from their settlements that was slated to be given to Italian settlers .
These papers were left to his heir , Francesco Melzi , for publication , a task of overwhelming difficulty because of its scope and Leonardo 's idiosyncratic writing .
With clear skies and warm sunny weather on Saturday , hundreds of surfers , amongst them long time friends of Adam 's from the Z-Boys , held a large memorial paddle-out tribute mid-day on the north side of the Venice Beach Pier .
4:13 -RSB- A tradition holds that Paul was interred with Saint Peter ad Catacumbas by the via Appia until moved to what is now the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls in Rome .
Speaking about the achievement , Warwick stated : `` Some will claim that the Test has already been passed .
Joanne Dennehy laughed , talked , and smiled during proceedings but stood silent and emotionless with her eyes closed when the sentence was announced .
Along with ending the evacuation , India also announced the closing of its embassy in Sanaa .
In this field researchers often concentrate on how particular phenomena relate to matters of ideology , nationality , ethnicity , social class , and/or gender .
A sustained Austrian artillery bombardment eventually convinced Napoleon to withdraw his forces back onto Lobau Island .
They held banners paying tribute such as `` Farewell to our champion of humanity . ''
Folk medicine may also be referred to as traditional medicine , alternative medicine , indigenous medicine , or natural medicine .
The Afridi and Orakzai tribes , which had risen up under the Roshaniyyas , had been subjugated .
The force 's job is to prevent rocket shooting from the Gaza Strip to Israel and so to ensure the continuation of the ceasefire between the two .
The use of extermination camps -LRB- also called `` death camps '' -RRB- equipped with gas chambers for the systematic mass extermination of peoples was an unprecedented feature of the Holocaust .
According to Ma'an , at least one missile struck the building 's eleventh floor injuring the journalists .
Huntsville , a city in the deep part of southeast Texas , received 2 inches of snow .
One form of racism in the United States was enforced racial segregation which existed until the 1960s when it was outlawed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
Mortality rates in Iceland for 1,000 people aged 15 -- 60 sits at 56 , significantly better than the United States at 107 , China at 113 , India at 213 , Iraq at 285 , Afghanistan at 479 , Malawi at 481 and Zimbabwe at 772 .
The Lords discussed an amendment to review how to deal with survivor pension benefits due to the same-sex partners of those in civil partnerships .
Four months ago , the United States with some of its allies also conducted a series of exercises and naval drills , concerned with keeping the strait open .
Although the painting is barely begun , the composition can be seen and is very unusual .
Conservative MSP -LRB- Member of Scottish Parliament -RRB- Ruth Davidson -- who is herself a lesbian -- argued in Parliament that the bill `` matters to the future nature of our country .
Analysis of such characteristic isotopic signatures traced Broken Hill , Australia as the pioneering source of lead pollution in Antarctica , and even today its contribution remains significant .
The magnetic field produced by an atom -- its magnetic moment -- is determined by these various forms of angular momentum , just as a rotating charged object classically produces a magnetic field .
According to Nielson , approximately 67.2 million people tuned in to the 90-minute debate moderated by Jim Lehrer of PBS as President Obama , the Democratic nominee , and Romney , the Republican nominee , exchanged jabs on domestic policy and the U.S. economy .
Swiss racer Edith Wolf quit the women 's marathon mid-race after running into a hole on the course that left her without feeling in her left arm and neck , and required her to be hospitalized .
Neither side was able to score in the second half , but it was not for want of trying , and Australian goal keeper Rachael Lynch ended up with a total of eight saves .
He was Martelly 's third choice for Prime Minister , with Parliament rejecting his first two appointments .
Leave is paid at 80 % of their wages .
The speech also allayed fears in the west that his attendance at a meeting of non-aligned countries indicated a change in Egyptian foreign policy to a less pro-Western stance .
Players use the same pair of dice in turns .
Starting in 1642 within British America , an estimated 365 juvenile offenders were executed by the states and federal government of the United States .
Police resorted to using tear gas to subdue the crowds and most arrests occurred against civilians for refusing to disperse , occupying private property , and possession of weapons .
Picasso 's `` multiplicity of styles '' was disturbing to one journalist , another described the artist as `` wayward and even malicious '' ; Alfred Frankenstein 's review in ARTnews concluded that Picasso was both charlatan and genius .
However , it began to rise to reach 25 -- 32 million by 1800 , with around 10 million in the European provinces -LRB- primarily the Balkans -RRB- , 11 million in the Asiatic provinces and around 3 million in the African provinces .
Criticism of Christianity became increasingly frequent in the 17th and 18th centuries , especially in France and England , where there appears to have been a religious malaise , according to contemporary sources .
Excluding Slovenes under Italian rule , between 20,000 and 25,000 Slovenes were killed by Nazis or fascists -LRB- counting only civilian victims -RRB- .
All three -LRB- including the differing versions of Der fliegende Holländer and Tannhäuser -RRB- continue to be regularly performed throughout the world , and have been frequently recorded .
Cycling is so popular that the parking capacity may be exceeded , while in some places such as Delft the capacity is usually exceeded .
It is basically an electrically shielded metal cup , the voltage of which changes according to how much charge is inside it .
Some chords , which are conventional in folk music , are difficult to play even in all-fourths and major-thirds tunings , which do not require more hand-stretching than standard tuning .
Races are won by riding the most laps .
Police said : `` Police were contacted in October by Freedom Charity after they had received a call from a woman stating she had been held against her will in a house in London for more than 30 years .
By 7000350000000000000 ♠ 3.5 Gya , Earth 's magnetic field was established , which helped prevent the atmosphere from being stripped away by the solar wind .
Bauer 's CEO who addressed the staff on Monday continued , saying `` it makes sense to bring the staff creating these young women 's lifestyle titles together .
Some cultures and people do not consume meat or animal food products for cultural , dietary , health , ethical , or ideological reasons .
At a press conference also attended by Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness , Clinton condemned the violence : `` We have seen this week the work is not complete and I join in condemning the recent attacks , '' she said .
Food additives include gum arabic , guar gum , locust bean gum , starch and pectin .
At 2:30 left in the first , Valerio Corvino of Italy got 2 minutes in the penalty box for roughing .
I hate waiting around .
Senator Mike Young knew about my whip count .
Free speech must always be protected . ''
Yesterday , the Chicago Bears selected Washington State University 's Marquess Wilson as a seventh-round pick in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- Draft .
Actresses such as Sophia Loren , Giulietta Masina and Gina Lollobrigida achieved international stardom during this period .
The analogous competition for women 's national teams , the Fed Cup , was founded as the Federation Cup in 1963 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the founding of the ITF .
In 1095 Pope Urban II called for a crusade against Muslims occupying Jerusalem and the Holy Land .
Over the last few weeks , a parade of celebrity guests including Tom Hanks , Julia Roberts and George Clooney paid their respects to Mr. Letterman .
Its articles of foundation provided the framework for the International Olympic Charter .
If these characteristics change over time , the genus tends to change accordingly .
According to official reports , police first approached the group in the area of the school , concerned about their unusual activity , and the attackers engaged police in a firefight .
Some eat other animals -- this is a carnivorous diet -LRB- and includes insectivorous diets -RRB- .
Heigo was academically gifted , but soon after failing to secure a place in Tokyo 's foremost high school , he began to detach himself from the rest of the family , preferring to concentrate on his interest in foreign literature .
Even after cardiac bypass surgery , no increase in mortality is seen in the overweight and obese .
I 'm very concerned about the direction that our nation 's going .
Numerous volunteers were on hand to assist with the event .
Anti-government protestors turned out in their thousands at the start of the race weekend .
Maroochydore is now set to play Noosa in the A-grade grand final while , in the lower grades , Maleny had both of its teams move through to grand final day .
The Sistine Chapel ceiling was painted between 1508 and 1512 .
The court said there was no `` exact and convincing '' evidence against the pair .
This year the Freimarkt is to last until Sunday November 4 .
When the deal is completed , BCE 's share of the English-language and French-language market will grow to 35.8 % and 22.6 % , respectively .
The Ancient Greek philosopher Empedocles held that water is one of the four classical elements along with fire , earth and air , and was regarded as the ylem , or basic substance of the universe .
His major piano works also include mazurkas , waltzes , nocturnes , polonaises , études , impromptus , scherzos , preludes and sonatas , some published only after his death .
Full-contact sparring or competition , where strikes are not pulled but thrown with full force as the name implies , has a number of tactical differences from light and medium-contact sparring .
A referee can show a yellow or red card to a player , substitute or substituted player .
Canberra went into the game with a depleted roster , with six players called away to participate in national team training , suspended or out because of injury , including team captain Ellie Brush , midfielder Sally Shipard , Michelle Heyman , goalkeeper Mackenzie Arnold , striker Ashleigh Sykes , and winger Hayley Raso .
Induced fetal demise before termination of pregnancy after 20 -- 21 weeks gestation is recommended to avoid this .
Head executive Darryl F. Zanuck was unenthusiastic about it , but he was persuaded to give her a standard six-month contract to avoid her being signed by rival studio RKO Pictures .
Kanem accepted Islam in the eleventh century .
A link to the FNA article page redirects to an error message which reads : `` Error For Your Request .
Gautama initially went to Rajagaha and began his ascetic life by begging for alms in the street .
-LRB- -LRB- Wikinews -RRB- -RRB- According to the Bitcoin wiki , you are considered a proponent of Bitcoin .
According to state-run Syrian Arab News Agency -LRB- SANA -RRB- , during a battle with rebels yesterday the Syrian army seized a stockpile of chemicals , canisters , weapons and gear located in a warehouse tunnel in Jobar , a suburb of Damascus .
Along with my coauthor Bruce Patterson , we generated the most comprehensive phylogeny of the genus .
Soybeans and processed soy foods are among the richest foods in total phytoestrogens -LRB- wet basis per 100 g -RRB- , which are present primarily in the form of the isoflavones daidzein and genistein .
The auction process is expected to take several weeks and will take place online .
Other displays of defiance included protestors banding together in flash mobs or peacefully walking through the central shopping district donning masks in an attempt to bypass security forces stationed there .
The Pope and the German princes had surfaced as major players in the political system of the empire .
These are then closed and the air is forced into the lungs by contraction of the throat .
In this context , now obsolete , an `` engine '' referred to a military machine , i.e. , a mechanical contraption used in war -LRB- for example , a catapult -RRB- .
Following a business and law career he turned to politics .
Al-Qaeda are currently holding seven French nationals hostages in Sahel and there are no confirmed reports that they have been executed .
Two types of vaccine are used throughout the world to combat polio .
Caitlin Munoz filled in as the team 's captain in Brush 's absence , while Sally Rojahn and Catherine Brown each had their first United start and Grace Gill earned her first start of the season .
Natural hybridisation presents a challenge to the concept of a reproductively isolated species , as fertile hybrids permit gene flow between two populations .
The Onion article reports `` 77 percent of rural Caucasian voters '' saying they would prefer to drink beer with Ahmadinejad or attend a baseball game with him .
His acts were not known to wide public until the late 1980s , when his wife found documents in their attic and shared them with an historian .
A competition was held , and a number of the designs have survived at the Uffizi Gallery .
The average lifespan of pet cats has risen in recent years .
Most artificial plasmas are generated by the application of electric and/or magnetic fields through a gas .
Diaz and Nichols were at a party the night before when the victim borrowed $ 100 from a girl there ; he only repaid half .
The video shows them being beheaded in a location apparently near Tripoli in Libya .
Downed lamposts and trees were reported in multiple locales .
On Sunday , tensions were high in Paris when opponents of same-sex marriage staged demonstrations throughout the city .
He then visited his mother to seek her blessing : he touched her feet , she put a vermillion mark on his head and gave him sweets .
The team is comprised of 17 male competitors and six female competitors .
This is difficult , due to there being little consensus on how to define life .
Moldovan politicians often accuse each other of being either under the influence of Russia -- the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova ; or under the influence of Romania and the EU -- the Alliance for European Integration , the current government coalition .
Of course , research often analyzes few factors at once , but these are always added to the long list of factors that are most important to consider .
Geist combines the meaning of spirit -- as in god , ghost or mind -- with an intentional force .
The vote is a response to a proposed restructuring in which a number of operations currently performed at the firm 's 29 distribution centres would be relocated to three new ` super-hubs ' .
Founded as a political movement in 2002 , Boko Haram seek to create an Islamic country in Northern Nigeria , where the Nigerian military have been engaged in operations aimed at removing the extremists since 2009 .
Teammates Armstrong and Thiessen were part of the 2010 gold medal winning team .
Nor would it help Paul Lamb , a paralysed man in Leeds who is continuing Nicklinson 's case .
The first human to orbit Earth was Yuri Gagarin on 12 April 1961 .
Peter A. Hall and David Soskice argued that modern economies have developed two different forms of capitalism : liberal market economies -LRB- or LME -RRB- -LRB- e.g. US , UK , Canada , New Zealand , Ireland -RRB- and coordinated market economies -LRB- CME -RRB- -LRB- e.g. Germany , Japan , Sweden , Austria -RRB- .
`` It was probably our best kicking game this year and that was the difference in the end . ''
Using global geometry , later studies have revealed more general properties of black holes .
TEPCO staff had said water levels in the tank had remained constant .
In the GORD vehicle the electricity produced is used to electrolyse potable water to produce hydrogen which can be introduced into the vehicle 's existing fuel system .
20th and 21st century scholarship by and large retains the view that Palestrina was a strong and refined composer whose music represents a summit of technical perfection , while emphasizing that some of his contemporaries possessed equally individual voices even within the confines of `` smooth polyphony . ''
The first cathode ray tube to use a hot cathode was developed by John B. Johnson -LRB- who gave his name to the term Johnson noise -RRB- and Harry Weiner Weinhart of Western Electric , and became a commercial product in 1922 .
With the coloured spinning tops invented by Forbes , Maxwell was able to demonstrate that white light would result from a mixture of red , green , and blue light .
There have also been cases of violence towards those seeking to enforce government measures to limit the disease 's spread .
The Australian government would still hold the power of veto over projects they deem environmentally problematic .
-LSB- Mario then proceeded to purposefully mispronounce things -RSB-
The practices to access these transcendental experiences are termed Shamanism .
Chemically , the group 3 elements , scandium , yttrium , lanthanum and actinium behave largely like the alkaline earth metals or , more generally , s block metals but have some of the physical properties of d block transition metals .
His plan was to divide the plants by the number of stamens and pistils .
Abbot 's sister Christine Forster , a Liberal Party Sydney City Councillor , who is gay , called for Liberals at the federal level to be allowed a conscience vote .
On balance , we believe this is the approach that will deliver the greatest benefits to the most vulnerable people . ''
He also said : `` Any decent person looking at and listening to the material here will experience shock ; revulsion ; anger and incredulity . ''
Their bid calls for the largest Opening Ceremonies in Olympic Games history , with a ceremony on the European and Asian banks of the Bosphorus involving a half million people .
The game still refused to fall into the usual to-and-from characteristic of basketball .
The era spurred the resurgence of social realism , practiced by many who started their writing careers on relief programs , especially the Federal Writers ' Project in the U.S.
I think at the time the IHSAA and Commissioner Cox , in particular , thought that the public would be more allow the lines of multi-class basketball .
The Pakistani government is trying to resolve the issue with Iran and the United States to reach a peaceful solution .
An historic building which served as the town 's first school suffered significant damage .
The Party controlled the press , the military , the economy and all organizations .
`` I am appealing for anyone who saw either the man on his bike -- he was wearing every day clothing and was not in specialised cycling clothes -- or the car around this time , '' Sergeant Drummond said .
The first hole swallowed tonnes of material in two hours next to a married couple 's home before they returned to discover it .
In the 19th century , industrial manufacture greatly lowered its cost , enabling mass exchange of information and contributing to significant cultural shifts .
Many yoga texts like the Hatha Yoga Pradipika , the Yoga Kundalini and the Yoga Tattva Upanishads have borrowed verses from or make frequent references to the Yoga Yajnavalkya .
Napoleon hoped to use religion to produce social stability .
A woman who is -LRB- or has been only -RRB- pregnant for the first time is referred to as a primigravida , and a woman in subsequent pregnancies as a multigravida or as multiparous .
Kubrick was among the first directors to use video assist during filming .
Talks for a new military alliance resulted in the North Atlantic Treaty , which was signed in Washington , D.C. on 4 April 1949 .
In 1887 , Heinrich Hertz discovered that electrodes illuminated with ultraviolet light create electric sparks more easily .
United States skiers in the race included Andrew Soule who finished fifth , Sean Halstead who finished ninth , Aaron Pike who finished twelfth , Daniel Cnossen who finished thirteenth , Augusto Jose Perez who finished seventeenth and Bryan Price who finished nineteenth .
The Turkish telecommunications regulator called it a `` precautionary administrative measure '' .
The customarily stated minimalist version of such a law postulates only that all bodies , which when thermally connected would be in thermal equilibrium , should be said to have the same temperature by definition , but by itself does not establish temperature as a quantity expressed as a real number on a scale .
This power was controlled by some form of oscillating mechanism , probably derived from existing bell-ringing or alarm devices .
Globalization can trigger a state of emergency for the preservation of musical heritage .
The difficulty is that most turtle shells are rigid and do not allow for the type of expansion and contraction that other amniotes use to ventilate their lungs .
The first shooting took place in a café at the Krudttoenden cultural center which was hosting a discussion about blasphemy and free speech , relating to the attacks on the Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris .
but missed the resulting free throw .
Gould told Wikinews he retired from playing after the 2002 World Championships .
However , more recent scholarship shows that this mass was in fact composed before the cardinals convened to discuss the ban -LRB- possibly as much as ten years before -RRB- .
Local industrial committees proliferated .
A political adviser of General Haftar 's forces , speaking to Sky News , said , `` Escalation by the militias in Tripoli will be met with escalation from our side until we restore security and stability to the country '' .
In addition to fermenting the beer , yeast influences the character and flavour .
The Red Spot was reportedly lost from sight on several occasions between 1665 and 1708 before becoming quite conspicuous in 1878 .
However , non-human plural nouns are grammatically considered to be feminine singular .
It is argued that commodity speculators are increasing the cost of food .
Several of them were composed for funerals .
Greene joined the Army as an officer in 1980 after graduating from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
Hamilton left the race on the fourth lap .
Two bodies have been discovered in Scapa Flow in Scotland 's Orkney Islands , 40 metres away from the wreckage of the SMS Brummer , a German war vessel scuttled during the aftermath of World War I .
He retired from the presidency in 1797 , returning to his home and plantation at Mount Vernon .
According to Reuters , a witness reported around eight shots fired .
In gray iron the carbon exists as separate , fine flakes of graphite , and also renders the material brittle due to the sharp edged flakes of graphite that produce stress concentration sites within the material .
General commentators and Nietzsche scholars , whether emphasizing his cultural background or his language , overwhelmingly label Nietzsche as a `` German philosopher '' .
Already , Moscow has said it will not join a fight against any US military action .
In his films of the 1940s and 1950s , Kurosawa frequently employs the `` axial cut '' , in which the camera moves closer to , or further away from , the subject , not through the use of tracking shots or dissolves , but through a series of matched jump cuts .
The Japanese government provides standardized tests to measure spoken and written comprehension of Japanese for second language learners ; the most prominent is the Japanese Language Proficiency Test -LRB- JLPT -RRB- , which features five levels of exams -LRB- changed from four levels in 2010 -RRB- , ranging from elementary -LRB- N5 -RRB- to advanced -LRB- N1 -RRB- .
Laps were ridden in relay fashion : each rider handed over the baton -LRB- which looked like a credit card -RRB- to another member of the team after riding one or more laps .
Some species or genera commonly categorized as pests include the Argentine ant , pavement ant , yellow crazy ant , banded sugar ant , Pharaoh ant , carpenter ants , odorous house ant , red imported fire ant , and European fire ant .
Reductions in energy consumption have slashed energy bills by $ 30 million a year .
Abbott described them as follows : `` Under those assessment bilaterals the states will do all the assessment work and we hope that in the not-too-distant future we will have approvals bilaterals in place which will mean the states will not only do the assessment but will also do the approvals . ''
Optically , we can make the sphere rotate at any speeds smaller than the maximum speed .
Richard Webster , in Why Freud Was Wrong -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , called psychoanalysis perhaps the most complex and successful pseudoscience in history .
Chan had become a Christian minister and Sukumaran turned to painting to help other prisoners at Kerobokan Prison to rehabilitate .
Australian Greens leader Christine Milne tweeted .
To qualify for the finals , Maroochydore needed to win both of its games and have other results go its way .
Head kept the scoring closer in the third set at 4 -- 7 at one point , before losing 5 -- 11 .
Researchers have also been able to infect phorid fly parasitoids of the ant with the protist without harming the flies .
Hanoi wished to avoid the coming monsoon and prevent any redeployment of ARVN forces defending the capital .
Studies of the most massive open clusters suggests 150 M ☉ as an upper limit for stars in the current era of the universe .
Reporting and editing do not occur in a vacuum but always reflect the political context in which journalists , no less than other citizens , operate .
The Old Testament scenes depicted were chosen as precursors of Christ 's sacrifice in the New Testament , in an early form of typology .
The text elaborates various hand-gestures -LRB- mudras -RRB- and classifies movements of the various limbs , steps and so on .
One gunman is dead , police confirm , following a shooting incident on Parliament Hill in Ottawa , the capital of Canada , today that killed a Canadian Forces guard at the National War Memorial .
Ryanair claim Goss wrote to the airline saying he had no concerns about safety , stating `` We will not allow a Ryanair employee to defame our safety on national television just three weeks after he confirmed in writing to Ryanair that he had no concerns with safety and no reason to make any confidential safety report '' .
Over 70 people including 20 infants are wounded .
Diatomites are regularly found underneath the evaporite deposits , suggesting a connection between their geneses .
Bhavishya Puranais a minor Purana that depicts the various Hindu holy days and includes a section devoted to the various dynasties which ruled India , having its oldest portion dated to 500 CE and newest to the 18th century .
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
Maybe there is something you can do , maybe something you can think about .
EIDE was an unofficial update -LRB- by Western Digital -RRB- to the original IDE standard , with the key improvement being the use of direct memory access -LRB- DMA -RRB- to transfer data between the disk and the computer without the involvement of the CPU , an improvement later adopted by the official ATA standards .
Police have not formally identified the younger victim but believe he was Joseph Burke-Monerville .
Metrologists carefully distinguish between the definition of a unit and its realisation .
On Friday , an uncommon cold weather system which dipped far into southern Texas created major transportation problems for sections of the state .
Cacao plantations spread , as the English , Dutch , and French colonized and planted .
The state of the Shakya clan was not a monarchy , and seems to have been structured either as an oligarchy , or as a form of republic .
Aurélien Miralles : Well , I would say that since I am a child I am fascinated by the biodiversity of tropical countries , and more especially by reptiles .
Trying to come up with a better way to generate alternating current , Tesla developed a steam powered reciprocating electricity generator .
French President Francois Hollande paid tribute to the victims .
In the secret plan Generalplan Ost -LRB- `` Master Plan East '' -RRB- the Nazis resolved to expel , enslave , or exterminate most Slavic people to provide `` living space '' for Germans , however Nazi policy towards Slavs changed during World War II due to manpower shortages which necessitated limited Slavic participation in the Waffen-SS .
Some think that Paul could have revisited Greece and Asia Minor after his trip to Spain , and might then have been arrested in Troas , and taken to Rome and executed .
After his visit to the West Bank the Pope journeyed to Tel Aviv where he was welcomed by Shimon Peres and Benjamin Netanyahu , the Israeli Prime Minister .
Chekhov was left behind to sell the family 's possessions and finish his education .
On the last day of competition , Gourley successfully finished his first run in the Giant Slalom but finished with a Did Not Finish as a result of his second run .
The report released Monday also indicated , however , conditions were `` moving in the right direction . ''
Zheng He brought back to China many trophies and envoys from more than thirty kingdoms -- including King Vira Alakeshwara of Ceylon , who came to China as a captive to apologize to the Emperor for offenses against his mission .
To tune a violin , the A string is first tuned to a standard pitch -LRB- usually 440 Hz -RRB- .
Fortified wines -LRB- usually with brandy -RRB- may contain 20 % alcohol or more .
In addition , the oral and IV administration of phages for the eradication of bacterial infections poses a much higher safety risk than topical application , and there is the additional concern of uncertain immune responses to these large antigenic cocktails .
In 1641 the English Civil War began .
Bid organizers believe the Games would be an uplifting force for a country still recovering from a natural disaster in 2011 .
By doing this they shift criticism away from their bodies and various impairments towards the social institutions that oppress them .
Some astronomers also classify centaurs as inward-scattered Kuiper belt objects along with the outward-scattered residents of the scattered disc .
In 1729 , Linnaeus wrote a thesis , Praeludia Sponsaliorum Plantarum on plant sexual reproduction .
Each section of a newspaper , magazine , or website may cater to different audiences .
And I said , `` well you think about it but I 've already told the Australian coach I 'm going .
In this model developed by Ampere , the elementary magnetic dipole that makes up all magnets is a sufficiently small Amperian loop of current I .
Indiana Governor Mike Pence supported the proposed amendment .
Bibby missed a shot , Ardossi fell over dramatically , Hunt took the rebound , Wilson tried to get a long shot , and finally Bunton managed to score .
This exhibition lionized the artist , brought into full public view in America the scope of his artistry , and resulted in a reinterpretation of his work by contemporary art historians and scholars .
The case has attracted supporters of Selek in Turkey and France .
That this worked better than expected was a happy accident .
University scored a penalty goal nine minutes later .
Mackay 's career took him to England after competitive success at Scottish team Hearts , where he was captain .
Most plastic lenses give more protection than glass lenses , because , as noted above , glass is transparent to UVA and the common acrylic plastic used for lenses is less so .
The more egalitarian gana-sangha form of government , as a political alternative to the strongly hierarchical kingdoms , may have influenced the development of the śramanic Jain and Buddhist sanghas , where monarchies tended toward Vedic Brahmanism .
In order to resolve the paradox , physicists may eventually be forced to give up one of three time-tested theories : Einstein 's equivalence principle , unitarity , or existing quantum field theory .
Achilles sends Patroclus from his camp to inquire about the Greek casualties , and while there Patroclus is moved to pity by a speech of Nestor 's .
Witnesses saw several unidentified drones flying over Paris , France , which caused concerns .
Pushkin was born into Russian nobility in Moscow .
In addition , Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas expressed his worries such recognition will hurt the 1.5 million Arab citizens of Israel .
Together eight candidates run for election .
Opponents of adultery laws argue that these laws are a major contributor to discrimination and violence against women , as they are enforced selectively mostly against women ; that they prevent women from reporting sexual violence ; and that they maintain social norms which justify violent crimes committed against women by husbands , families and communities .
Thinking is sometimes described as a `` higher '' cognitive function and the analysis of thinking processes is a part of cognitive psychology .
The error was detected in 1946 and corrected in 1949 .
A Caloundra player was sin binned for fighting six minutes later .
On Saturday , Wikinews took photos of the documents available at the store entrance .
As the name suggests , freeware can be used for free , although in the case of free trials or freemium software , this is sometimes only true for a limited period of time or with limited functionality .
Those four deaths were all charged as murder and represented the highest England and Wales total since 1998 .
The event was removed from the 2014 season calendar .
The results were published on Tuesday in The Astrophysical Journal .
The crowd was small , but vocal , and Wikinews was told by the German media that some 2,000 viewers in Germany had stayed up late to watch the match live via the webcast .
Phonics instruction , for example , focuses on reading at the level of the word .
The primary ones include surgery , chemotherapy , radiation therapy , hormonal therapy , targeted therapy and palliative care .
The Assuwa league was a confederation of states in western Anatolia , defeated by the Hittites under Tudhaliya I around 1400 BC .
Later on , Goldstone proposed the concept of a production or income of adaptation energy which may be stored -LRB- up to a limit -RRB- , as a capital reserve of adaptation .
Some Diesel-electric locomotive engines operate on the 2-stroke cycle .
O'Brien disputes the allegations .
When the accident began nuclear energy supplied a third of Japan 's power requirements , but in the aftermath of Fukushima the nation has switched to fossil fuels .
Antarctica was sighted in 1820 and described as a continent by Charles Wilkes on the United States Exploring Expedition in 1838 , the last continent identified , although a great `` Antarctic '' -LRB- antipodean -RRB- landmass had been anticipated for millennia .
Greg Smith has become the assistant coach .
Sheehan : We already have many Californians who have volunteered to host the campaign with fundraisers and town hall meetings .
Zheng He led seven expeditions to the `` Western '' or Indian Ocean .
The substituted version is not sensitive to glyphosate .
European chemists made deadly explosives that could be used in combat , and with innovations in machinery they were able to manufacture improved firearms .
The text contains 12 chapters and its origin has been traced to the period between the second century BCE and fourth century CE .
The Irish Republican Army -LRB- IRA -RRB- later admitted to the abduction and killing .
The situation in Paris remained tense , and a few days later de Gaulle , still unsure of the trend of events asked General Eisenhower to send some American troops into Paris as a show of strength .
Federally funded healthcare is not sustainable .
The Petrograd Mensheviks agreed to join despite the objections of their leaders abroad .
As part of the legislation , the government have included a set of provisions they describe as a `` quadruple lock '' against churches and other religious denominations being forced to perform same-sex weddings , including an explicit ban on the Church of England and the Church of Wales doing so .
The new elections are scheduled to take place on February 2 of next year .
University looked like they hit back but were caught stomping in the ruck prior to scoring .
Spokespersons on behalf of both sides told CNN the ceasefire must be respected .
A small rubble-pile asteroid would be harder to interact with and collect , as it can easily deform or break up when subject to external forces . ''
The Liberal was the third longest serving Parliamentarian of the nation .
The governor suggests sending `` 1,000 National Guard troops to the Texas -- Mexico border to support operations until sufficient Border Patrol agents can be hired , trained and deployed . ''
The BBC College of Journalism advises legal advice be sought ahead of publishing photos and notes it has previously been ruled contempt .
Paisley 's fiery preaching was uncompromising and fundamentalist : he was once expelled from the European Parliament for calling Pope John Paul II the `` anti-christ '' .
A bitter election campaign saw Fico wage a smear campaign against Kiska , who has filed criminal allegations against Fico .
The venue in Bangkok is well known to him , as the U23 Men 's team have already played there .
It is used throughout the Greek Septuagint -LRB- ca. 250 BC -RRB- to translate the Hebrew equivalent Naharaim .
At least 89 species of rodent , mostly Hystricomorpha such as guinea pigs , agoutis and capybaras , are eaten by humans ; in 1985 , there were at least 42 different societies in which people eat rats .
and `` their increase or decrease does not affect the sum of wealth in the community '' .
Rehabilitation from head trauma of this level could take months or years to complete according to Neurosurgeon Tony Belli , who spoke to the BBC .
If the winning team has not completed its last innings , and still has , for example , five batsmen who are not out or have not even batted , then they are said to `` win by five wickets '' .
There are also commercial deposits being actively mined in the Northwest Territories of Canada and Brazil .
A candidate for election would be expected to offer concessions of land or money to the electors in order to secure their vote .
The dweller bid that Tone never open the stable of the cattle .
Often , `` which was to be shown '' is verbally stated when writing `` QED '' , '' □ '' , or '' ∎ '' during an oral presentation .
For this we sequenced two nuclear and three mitochondrial genes from the liver or muscle tissue that had been frozen or preserved from each bat specimen , isolating nearly 5,000 base pairs of DNA .
Imagine this process repeated infinitely , so that truth is defined for The barn is big ; then for `` The barn is big is true '' ; then for '' ` The barn is big is true ' is true '' , and so on .
`` This one looks like it died very recently and has n't decomposed much '' , which Fenwick suggested elsewhere was due to the whale 's present location , partially submerged in near-freezing water .
The seizure comes just days after government forces were accused of carrying out a large-scale chemical attack in the Ghouta region of Damascus on Wednesday .
Others , such as Thomas Mann , see Kafka 's work as allegorical : a quest , metaphysical in nature , for God .
For example , opera houses in Italy routinely staged Wagner in Italian .
Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein reflected concerns that scientific progress might be two-edged .
The petition was started by Green Party MP Caroline Lucas and calls for a cost-benefit analysis and impact assessment for the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 .
At the time of North Korean attack on Yeonpyeong Island in November 2011 , the South Korean Government made an official pledge to retaliate against any future military actions by North Korea .
Human-powered flight has been achieved , but has not become a practical means of transport .
In the 2nd century AD , the Greco-Egyptian astronomer Ptolemy -LRB- from Alexandria , Egypt -RRB- printed detailed trigonometric tables -LRB- Ptolemy 's table of chords -RRB- in Book 1 , chapter 11 of his Almagest .
A brief tribute was held at the start of today 's proceedings , which Sefidari described as `` touching '' .
When he accepted his post at Basel , Nietzsche applied for the annulment of his Prussian citizenship .
Some Fatah officials blamed the wave of explosions on Hamas .
Abou Zeid is a senior commander in the Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb who are fighting French-backed Malian forces , he was killed along with 40 other militants four days ago in the Adrar des Ifoghas mountain range .
Picasso 's marriage to Khokhlova soon ended in separation rather than divorce , as French law required an even division of property in the case of divorce , and Picasso did not want Khokhlova to have half his wealth .
Literacy in languages like Chinese can be assessed by reading comprehension tests , just as in other languages , but historically has often been graded on the number of Chinese characters introduced during the speaker 's schooling , with a few thousand considered the minimum for practical literacy .
In contrast , these are the third Games for the B2-classified Herrer , who competed in the 63kg class in in the 2004 Athens Games and the 57kg event in Beijing , earning a pair of bronze medals .
The lexicon is a catalogue of words and terms that are stored in a speaker 's mind .
One can also imagine other interesting mechanisms and we hope that future experiments will be able to conclusively distinguish between them .
Sub-Saharan Africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the European colonial era , for example the Ethiopian Empire , Oyo Empire , Asante Union , Luba Empire , Lunda Empire , and Mutapa Empire .
In July 1916 , Lenin 's mother died , but he was unable to attend her funeral .
Back in Warsaw that year , Chopin heard Niccolò Paganini play the violin , and composed a set of variations , Souvenir de Paganini .
The Group of 77 at the UN is a loose coalition of developing nations , designed to promote its members ' collective economic interests and create an enhanced joint negotiating capacity in the UN .
He also presented a broad array of photos taken from the blast site and the surrounding neighborhood , pointing out that debris was found as far as 2.5 miles away from the chemical plant .
The road has since reopened .
