French impressionist Camille Pissarro painted cricket on a visit to England in the 1890s .
There are three guides for each team who tell players where the ball is .
Some accused him of distorting reality whereas others claimed he was critiquing capitalism .
On Wednesday , Obama visited New Jersey , meeting with Governor Chris Christie in Atlantic City , and spoke to victims of the storm at a community center in Brigantine .
Nevertheless , State Senator Benjamin Downing has announced he is exploring a potential bid .
Quantum mechanics is also critically important for understanding how individual atoms combine covalently to form molecules .
Pigs are one of four known mammalian species which possess mutations in the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor that protect against snake venom .
The Swans came to the game missing several key players , including Adam Goodes , who is recovering from a knee injury .
On Wednesday , reports say supporters of Morsi stormed the encampment and tore down tents belonging to opponents and attacked them .
While his decision to sing about love , loneliness , and heartache for the entirety of the album was at first heavily criticized by music audiences and the album predicted to be a flop , its subsequent critical acclaim and commercial success encouraged other mainstream rappers to take greater creative risks with their music .
For the first time ever , a shopping mall in Las Cruces , New Mexico will open at 8pm on Thanksgiving Day and will remain open for 25 consecutive hours , closing at 9pm Friday evening .
There is definitely a lot more freedom in publishing our own work , because , in the end of the day , we get to say what we want to actually go out there , -LSB- ... -RSB- to say , what we want to say , the message that we want to put forth .
The Measles initiative was formed in 2001 , and credited with reducing global deaths from the disease by 68 % by 2007 .
Discoveries in evolutionary biology have made a significant impact not just in the traditional branches of biology but also in other academic disciplines , including biological anthropology , and evolutionary psychology .
The train company and rescue workers continue to search the wreckage and treat survivors , but the remote and marshy site hinders efforts .
He had been receiving intensive care at home following a lung infection .
His employers on the Kildrummy Estate have suspended him , and police have seized his guns ; he may lose his gun licence because of his conviction .
There are considerable regulatory hurdles that must be cleared for such therapies .
Before the game , first time Paralympian Great Britain wheelchair rugby player Mike Kerr told the media regarding his squad selection , `` I felt I 'd never been given a chance to get noticed , so I got myself some court time at big tournaments like Knock and Roll in 2010 -LRB- a USA national tournament -RRB- and Bernd Best -LRB- the biggest wheelchair rugby tournament in the world , held in Germany -RRB- .
Churchill was unable to find a single supporter in the House and the debate ended without a division .
However , as with the list of jōyō kanji , criteria for inclusion were often arbitrary and led to many common and popular characters being disapproved for use .
Babylonian clay tablets describe and employ algorithmic procedures to compute the time and place of significant astronomical events .
When Aubrac and Fresian heifers are isolated , they increase their vocalizations and experience increased heart rate and plasma cortisol concentrations .
The Papacy reached the height of its power during the High Middle Ages .
The store administrator , Tim Clifton , said they had to ring the workers out of the blue : `` I was advised the landlord had distrained for unpaid rent over the business and that left the directors in the position where the business was untenable .
Dave Brockie of rubber-costumed metal act GWAR was found dead in his Richmond , Virginia home late on Sunday .
In the years when the Deccan Traps theory was linked to a slower extinction , Luis Alvarez -LRB- who died in 1988 -RRB- replied that paleontologists were being misled by sparse data .
Ferropericlase -LRB- Mg , Fe -RRB- O , a solid solution of periclase -LRB- MgO -RRB- and wüstite -LRB- FeO -RRB- , makes up about 20 % of the volume of the lower mantle of the Earth , which makes it the second most abundant mineral phase in that region after silicate perovskite -LRB- Mg , Fe -RRB- SiO3 ; it also is the major host for iron in the lower mantle .
Starr 's is the second arrest following investigations into the claims made about Savile .
Buddhist texts reflect this tendency , providing a clearer picture of what Gautama may have taught than of the dates of the events in his life .
Police have sealed off the area and are currently searching for people they believe may be trapped beneath the rubble .
The Ottoman bashi-bazouks brutally suppressed the Bulgarian uprising of 1876 , massacring up to 100,000 people in the process .
LAM has established family assistance centres at Maputo and Luanda airports to support the families who are naturally distressed '' , a further statement from the company said .
After thanking those who were giving their time for free , he characterised modern politics as '' -LSB- ... -RSB- a game that is played by a small number of professionals , in a small number of rooms , in a small number of expensively-rented premises , across Scotland -- and across Britain .
Amazing to get my first win in Bahrain '' and also paid tribute to his Mercedes team .
The United States has warmed up to Modi again and in February he met with Nancy Powell , the US ambassador to India .
The kangaroo , which had been behind a hedge , then started hopping around and Rattenbury ducked for cover .
TEPCO staff had said water levels in the tank had remained constant .
State-owned Xinhua news agency blamed the fault on `` the complicated lunar surface environment '' .
Applebaum is now one of several Québec mayors who have been accused of corruption in the past few years , including the previous Montreal mayor Gérald Tremblay and Laval Mayor Gilles Vaillancourt .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo ranked lowest on the list ; the other fourteen entries in the bottom fifteen of this category were all African nations .
United States president Barack Obama spoke in a televised address saying , `` The majority of those who died today were children -- beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old .
Cost estimates also need to take into account plant decommissioning and nuclear waste storage costs .
Unlike the other bills in the package which have not had a third reading before being shelved , the former bill deals primarily with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Special Broadcasting Service , while the latter bill increased licensing fees for television stations .
Unveil it , O Pusan -LRB- Sun -RRB- , so that I who have truth as my duty -LRB- satyadharma -RRB- may see it ! ''
The above proof of the converse makes use of the Pythagorean theorem itself .
Discover saw an increase every month from the same period last year except for September .
Coinciding with Easter Sunday , Glasgow Cannabis Social Club 's annual 420 event was held on Glasgow Green , under sunny blue skies , and overlooking the river Clyde .
Crocodiles have relatively larger brains and show a fairly complex social structure .
Forests sometimes contain many tree species within a small area -LRB- as in tropical rain and temperate deciduous forests -RRB- , or relatively few species over large areas -LRB- e.g. , taiga and arid montane coniferous forests -RRB- .
It is possible to extend the definition of temperature even to systems of few particles , like in a quantum dot .
The duties and responsibilities of a national society as defined by International Humanitarian Law and the statutes of the Movement include humanitarian aid in armed conflicts and emergency crises such as natural disasters through activities such as Restoring Family Links .
DC : The two big questions now are `` how do the bees do this ? ''
BBC broadcaster Jacqui Oatley , the first woman to be a Match of the Day commentator for the network , is quoted by the Sunday Telegraph as saying , `` What a missed opportunity .
According to Lois Banner , `` it 's said that the suicide rate in Los Angeles doubled the month after she died ; the circulation rate of most newspapers expanded that month '' , and the Chicago Tribune reported that they had received hundreds of phone calls from members of the public requesting information about her death .
The word bonsai is often used in English as an umbrella term for all miniature trees in containers or pots .
They have been credited with reducing the death toll .
Niki Quasney , who together with wife Amy Sandler became the first married gay couple in Indiana , died of cancer on Thursday .
If a set is too large to be put in one to one correspondence with the positive integers , it is called uncountable .
The Council of Princes was divided into two `` benches , '' one for secular rulers and one for ecclesiastical ones .
The Soviet regime kept this accident secret for about 30 years .
The New York City Economic Development Corporation 's Early Stage Life Sciences Funding Initiative and venture capital partners , including Celgene , General Electric Ventures , and Eli Lilly , committed a minimum of US$ 100 million to help launch 15 to 20 ventures in life sciences and biotechnology .
Under intense Australian defensive pressure , Mexico missed shots and turned over the ball as-often as before .
Myanmar is mainly Buddhist and the United Nations rates the Rohingya among the world 's most persecuted groups .
Thus , in about 1765 the Prince obtained , and began to learn to play , the baryton , an uncommon musical instrument similar to the bass viol but with a set of plucked sympathetic strings .
NBC News says Engel and others were tied up , blindfolded , and put in the back of a truck and driven to possibly near the Syrian town of Ma'arrat Misrin .
Australian officials condemned the executions , with Prime Minister Tony Abbott saying the relationship between the neighbouring countries has reached a `` dark moment '' .
Jobs traditionally held by women also result in lower wages for men who hold these jobs .
Finally , tourism is one of the fastest growing and profitable sectors of the national economy : with 48.6 million international tourist arrivals and total receipts estimated at $ 45.5 billion in 2014 , Italy was the fifth most visited country and the sixth highest tourism earner in the world .
The female cub was born weighing 6.4 ounces and measuring 6.1 inches .
He was left lying in the street while another pedestrian went to his assistance .
Most solitary bees and bumble bees in temperate climates overwinter as adults or pupae and emerge in spring when increasing numbers of flowering plants come into bloom .
Tatyana McFadden of the United States had a chance at four gold medals in London , but was unable to seriously compete after a pair of tire punctures mid-race that seriously slowed her down .
Unopposed access to the Indian spice routes boosted the economy of the Portuguese Empire , which was previously based along northern and coastal West Africa .
Until the fifteenth century , these small states were on the periphery of the major Sudanic empires of the era , paying tribute to Songhai to the west and Kanem-Borno to the east .
It is hoped that developments in nanotechnology will make possible their construction by some other means , perhaps using biomimetic principles .
His father was a teacher who dabbled in art and his mother 's family was musically inclined .
Many countries have now liberalized the electricity market where these risks , and the risk of cheaper competitors emerging before capital costs are recovered , are borne by plant suppliers and operators rather than consumers , which leads to a significantly different evaluation of the economics of new nuclear power plants .
The incident leading to Clarkson 's suspension reportedly occurred after an argument with a producer .
Some runoff water is trapped for periods of time , for example in lakes .
Kerry and al-Abadi were to discuss international efforts to build a coalition , in a regional approach to the security issue posed by Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria .
Upon their arrival in the `` New World '' , the Native American population declined substantially , because of violent conflicts with the invaders and the introduction of European diseases to which the Native Americans lacked immunity .
Senator Larissa Waters , environment spokeswoman for the Greens , told reporters : `` These deals pave the way for Tony Abbott to abolish a 30-year-old federal safeguard for our most precious natural places and wildlife , established when Bob Hawke stepped in to save the Franklin from being dammed -LSB- ... -RSB- Labor governments in South Australia , Tasmania and the ACT are trashing Bob Hawke 's legacy and contradicting federal Labor 's position '' .
`` Whether Confucianism , Daoism , or later Chinese Buddhism , they all fall into this pattern of thinking and organizing and in this sense remain religious , even though individually and intellectually they also assume forms of philosophy and practical wisdom . ''
The border between the Black Sea and the Caspian is usually placed along the crest of the Caucasus Mountains , although it is sometimes placed further north .
Over 30,000 petroglyphs of river animals such as crocodiles survive , with half found in the Tassili n'Ajjer in southeast Algeria .
At 2:17 , Connecticut native Ryan T. Martin shot an air ball .
Today , at least 5.5 million UK-born people live abroad , mainly in Australia , Spain , the United States and Canada .
The Catholic Conference of Illinois released a statement `` deeply disappointed that members of the General Assembly chose to redefine what is outside of its authority : a natural institution like marriage .
When complaints are divided by a state 's total population , New Hampshire leads .
Faster seek rates typically require more energy usage to quickly move the heads across the platter , causing louder noises from the pivot bearing and greater device vibrations as the heads are rapidly accelerated during the start of the seek motion and decelerated at the end of the seek motion .
Crews believes that psychoanalysis has no scientific or therapeutic merit .
They hope to cover the route , which is roughly 500 kilometers -LRB- 300 miles -RRB- long , in just ten days .
One other person , a flight attendant , may have been in the back end of the plane when it crash landed and is unaccounted for .
He said , `` The budget wo n't be simple , but just getting into Brussels to get started is a task of a different order altogether '' .
Similarly , Play-Doh was originally created as a wallpaper cleaner .
At the same time , however , his oeuvre includes many original melodies , creative leaps , and relaxed or driving rhythms .
The weather conditions are not expected to improve to bring snow bearing conditions for a while as the area experiences day time temperatures in the 50s ° F/10s ° C.
I just remember that feeling of how proud you 'd be if you were given such an honour . ''
In many countries , national Red Cross and Red Crescent societies enjoy exceptional privileges due to agreements with their governments or specific `` Red Cross Laws '' granting full independence as required by the International Movement .
Iran is to reduce its nuclear activities in return for a lifting of some economic sanctions .
The building contains three halls , Grote Zaal , Kleine Zaal , and Spiegelzaal .
El Mahroug admits having received thousands of euros from Berlusconi .
In a separate incident , Christians forwarded a story on the Internet from The Onion saying children were converting to Satanism as a result of reading the Harry Potter book series .
Less idealistically , contributions came from those who hoped for American support in the French attempt to build the Panama Canal .
The four fatalities died at the scene of the crash , on a steep hill close to Weston All Saints Primary School .
The former are configured to provide a guaranteed streaming capacity , even in the face of read and write errors , while the latter are built to resist larger amounts of shock .
Going into the draft , there were some expectations by the Brisbane Times and other media outlets that Williams might be selected in the first round .
Band Aid , a charity supergroup created by Bob Geldof and Midge Ure , was formed following the broadcasting of footage of Ethiopian citizens experiencing a famine in the mid 1980s .
Some reviews have expressed the opinion that more research is needed to determine what effect the phytoestrogens in soybeans may have on infants .
In 2009 , the minimum age allowed for both men and women to marry was raised to 18 years .
An attempt the next year to have Congress provide $ 100,000 , sufficient to complete the project , also failed .
It was also their first bout played under the new rules .
In the moments after the penalty players and officials from both teams started a brawl on the pitch .
In St. Petersburg on 18 September 1783 , after a lunch with his family , Euler was discussing the newly discovered planet Uranus and its orbit with a fellow academician Anders Johan Lexell , when he collapsed from a brain hemorrhage .
Numerous philosophers , feminists and other academic figures have commented on this throughout history , condemning the hypocrisy of legal and religious authorities in regard to sexual issues ; pointing to the lack of choice of a woman in regard to controlling her own sexuality ; and drawing parallels between marriage , an institution promoted as sacred , and prostitution , widely condemned and vilified -LRB- though often tolerated as a `` necessary evil '' -RRB- .
The mixed dough is then allowed to rise one or more times -LRB- a longer rising time results in more flavor , so bakers often `` punch down '' the dough and let it rise again -RRB- , then loaves are formed , and -LRB- after an optional final rising time -RRB- the bread is baked in an oven .
Ryanair makes heavy use of zero-hour contracts , which do not guarantee work and which the Irish Airline Pilots ' Association describe as offering some of aviation 's worst employment conditions .
You had mentioned earlier about the role that Congressman Dan Burton had played in your life , could you please talk a little bit more about that ?
This past Sunday , Illinois Governor Pat Quinn signed into law a bill known as `` Rocky 's Law '' that requires Illinois high schools , through the local school district , to buy catastrophic injury insurance up to US$ 3 million or medical costs for up to five years , whichever one comes first , that covers student athletes .
On her personal blog , Amimoto thanked people for their continued support -LRB- -LRB- jp -RRB- -RRB- Japanese language : 最後も引き続き応援よろしくお願いします ！ and said she was excited to be playing in the ninth place match against Mexico , and it is a game she really wants to win .
The report categorically states that the Red Cross personnel accused of involvement were proven not to have been present ; that a white helicopter was probably used in a military operation , but the helicopter was not a Red Cross helicopter , and must have been painted by one of several military organizations operating in the region at the time .
Campaigns initiated in his lifetime include those against the Qara Khitai , Caucasus , and Khwarazmian , Western Xia and Jin dynasties .
In November , he suffered emotional trauma after his wife and sister were captured and beheaded by KMT general He Jian .
Mr Hockey , do you think that sanitary products are an essential health good for half the population ? ''
In multicellular organisms -LRB- and also in multinucleate ciliates -RRB- , with a Weismannist development , that is , with a division of labor between mortal somatic -LRB- body -RRB- cells and `` immortal '' germ -LRB- reproductive -RRB- cells , death becomes an essential part of life , at least for the somatic line .
Chinese characters are logograms used in the writing of Chinese and some other Asian languages .
A second aspect is the parts or hours of the day the Paralympics will be shown .
The United Kingdom economy shrank by 0.3 % in the fourth quarter of 2012 according to figures released today by the Office for National Statistics , increasing the likelihood of a triple-dip recession .
Canada dominated possession in the first period , and ended with four goals on eleven shots .
Economist Theodore Levitt is widely credited with coining the term in an article entitled `` Globalization of Markets '' , which appeared in the May -- June 1983 issue of Harvard Business Review .
Together with the Latin texts and traditions of the Roman world , the study of the Greek texts and society of antiquity constitutes the discipline of Classics .
In slip-critical connections , movement of the connected parts is a serviceability condition and bolts are tightened to a minimum required pretension .
The vote is a response to a proposed restructuring in which a number of operations currently performed at the firm 's 29 distribution centres would be relocated to three new ` super-hubs ' .
Thirteen buildings are reported to be uninhabitable .
A century from now it will no more occur to a normal person to mate with a person eugenically unfit than to marry a habitual criminal .
A hamada is a type of desert landscape consisting of a high rocky plateau where the sand has been removed by aeolian processes .
Short-period comets have orbits lasting less than two hundred years .
Even lasers that are sold as `` eye safe '' can actually be much higher powered than claimed , and can cause damage to cats ' eyes .
Some Ancient Indian tree deities , such as Puliyidaivalaiyamman , the Tamil deity of the tamarind tree , or Kadambariyamman , associated with the kadamba tree were seen as manifestations of a goddess who offers her blessings by giving fruits in abundance .
The hurricane has already caused damage and fatalities in several Caribbean countries this week .
The Negev Desert , Israel , and the surrounding area , including the Arava Valley , receive plenty of sunshine and are generally not arable .
However , the collapsing Ottoman economy could not sustain the fleet 's strength for too long .
Over the past 66 million years , mammalian life diversified .
Lifetime limits on medical expenses will be removed and preventive services will be free .
Finland now becomes the 12th country in Europe to allow same-sex marriages , although the law is not going to take effect immediately .
Neglecting losses , the energy -LRB- measured in joules , in SI -RRB- stored by an inductor is equal to the amount of work required to establish the current through the inductor , and therefore the magnetic field .
As Suleiman stabilized his European frontiers , he now turned his attention to the ever present threat posed by the Shi'a Safavid dynasty of Persia .
Since then three new species have been described -LSB- S. sorianoi Sánchez-Hernández et al. , 2005 ; S. koopmanhilli McCarthy et al. , 2006 ; and S. perla Jarrín-V .
Then of course comes the long period of writing , re-writing , re-re-writing , sending out to colleagues for feedback , re-re-re-writing , submission , peer-review , editing re-submission etc. which is also a collaboration between all the authors .
Many countries have experienced falling church attendance and membership in recent years .
The device was first described in a patent application he filed in Hungary in March 1926 for a television system he dubbed `` Radioskop '' .
The fair 's President stated that all fair employees are now subjected to drug screening before , during and after the fair .
The Range Renegades won 263 points to 90 .
Ortega was himself interviewed as part of the investigation , which he was told would comprise an hour-long broadcast .
This appellate ruling was only issued on November 26 , and Judge Mark H. Pierce did not schedule the required hearing until December 12 .
To attend a higher education institution is required , by Law of Guidelines and Bases of Education , completing all levels of education suited to the needs of all students of teaching kindergarten , elementary and medium , provided the student does not hold any disability , whether physical , mental , visual or hearing .
The Virgin Mary is standing in the middle , depicted , as usual in Byzantine art , in a dark blue gown .
Such tankers are used to refill bulk liquid oxygen storage containers , which stand outside hospitals and other institutions that need large volumes of pure oxygen gas .
The testing was again done at the Sydney Passport Office , without time restriction , to encourage accurate response .
In 1952 , he tried to implement it on a Ferranti Mark 1 , but lacking enough power , the computer was unable to execute the program .
Investigation into Watkins ' activities continue , as do attempts to seek more possible victims .
A high cortisol level will also stimulate the degradation of fats and proteins which may make it difficult for the animal to sustain its pregnancy if implanted successfully .
Another building demonstrating this style is the church of St. Andrew in Mantua , built by Alberti .
Wikinews spoke with a Tyler , Texas minister who had an encounter with Church of Wells members recently .
Mild steel corrodes more readily than wrought iron , but is cheaper and more widely available .
According to Lyon the company decided to donate revenue made from WBC to charity after , '' ` Anonymous ' supporters began a full blown Twitter campaign boycotting any company who provides services to WBC . ''
Retired police officer James Duffy , of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , spoke of the failed United States alcohol prohibition policy ; stressing such policies needlessly bring people into contact with criminal elements .
The ILO has noted that these workers work in a sector that lacks regulation and is informal .
After being forced into exile by Stalin 's administration , Trotsky argued that Stalinism was a debasement of Leninism , which was dominated by bureaucratism and Stalin 's own personal dictatorship .
Tuesday , U.S Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she took responsibility for the failure in security at the counsulate , which led to the ambassador 's death .
His actions as President have included halving his own salary and those of his ministers , seizing Bolivia 's gas and oil reserves , and redistributing the nation 's unused countryside to the poor .
Because the novel , particularly the first part , was written in individually published sections , the composition includes several incongruities .
It 's clear evidence the government 's long-term economic plan is working . ''
According to Chakrabarti , he `` was forced to call police '' as he `` would have died at -LSB- the protesters ' -RSB- hands had the police not come '' ; after escorting him out , they arrested 35 students from the campus , including one female student .
Microsoft has also reportedly said their earlier operating systems such as Windows 7 would still be made available to the Chinese government .
There is an inherent ambiguity : - t may denote more than one grammatical category : masculine , feminine , or neuter gender .
In 1536 , Cortés explored the northwestern part of Mexico and discovered the Baja California Peninsula .
The professionalization of science , begun in the 19th century , was partly enabled by the creation of scientific organizations such as the National Academy of Sciences , the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute , and state funding of universities of their respective nations .
In a list of major cultural figures influenced by Wagner , Bryan Magee includes D. H. Lawrence , Aubrey Beardsley , Romain Rolland , Gérard de Nerval , Pierre-Auguste Renoir , Rainer Maria Rilke and numerous others .
The Lords discussed an amendment to review how to deal with survivor pension benefits due to the same-sex partners of those in civil partnerships .
Seen as a major step towards self-government , the new arrangement prompted the colony 's first true political party , founded in August 1947 , the United Gold Coast Convention -LRB- UGCC -RRB- .
TS : I think Obama wants Congress to own this .
Slavic nations such as the Ukrainians , Czechs , Slovaks , Bulgarians and Croats who collaborated with Nazi Germany were perceived as ethnically superior to other Slavs , mostly due to pseudoscientific theories about these nations having a considerable admixture of Germanic blood .
When the consensus of the membership permits , it provides a mechanism for armed intervention .
Jay Chapman , the man who developed the protocol for lethal injections still used today , said in 2007 remarks to CNN that lethal injection `` works if it 's administered competently '' , but added it does require skill to perform .
The formula E = mc ² , derived by Albert Einstein -LRB- 1905 -RRB- quantifies the relationship between rest-mass and rest-energy within the concept of special relativity .
The Ottomans ended the Byzantine Empire with the 1453 conquest of Constantinople by Mehmed the Conqueror .
Fats are also produced in the process of lipogenesis .
In addition , many cultural , religious and political terms have entered Arabic from Iranian languages , notably Middle Persian , Parthian , and -LRB- Classical -RRB- Persian , and Hellenistic Greek -LRB- kīmiyāʼ has as origin the Greek khymia , meaning in that language the melting of metals ; see Roger Dachez , Histoire de la Médecine de l'Antiquité au XXe siècle , Tallandier , 2008 , p. 251 -RRB- , alembic -LRB- distiller -RRB- from ambix -LRB- cup -RRB- , almanac -LRB- climate -RRB- from almenichiakon -LRB- calendar -RRB- .
There are also low levels of support for arming the rebels .
KNDL , which delivers beer and soft drinks to about 30,000 locations in the UK , was in talks with Unite yesterday to try and resolve the dispute .
Most of such violations occur for political reasons , often as a side effect of civil war .
Equipment has been provided not just for for the Fitness Centre , but for gyms at all the Olympic venues .
Originally my 19-year old was part of the Carmel school system and attended Carmel Elementary and had a real challenging year , her first grade year .
De Guzman states that he `` took pity '' and gave him a small bag of tobacco for his pipe , and that Guevara then smiled and thanked him .
On Wednesday , Boko Haram attacked and occupied the town of Gwoza , with over 50 reported killed as they forced Nigerian forces out of the town , a stronghold in the fight against the militants .
We are preparing and calling for the absorption of mass immigration from Europe .
Nevertheless , other interpreters consider that Kant was trying to mark off a defensible rational core of Christian belief .
Already under the rule of a dictatorial junta , the Ditadura Nacional , Portugal suffered no turbulent political effects of the Depression , although António de Oliveira Salazar , already appointed Minister of Finance in 1928 greatly expanded his powers and in 1932 rose to Prime Minister of Portugal to found the Estado Novo , an authoritarian corporatist dictatorship .
Researchers from Australia 's University of New South Wales -LRB- UNSW -RRB- and the United Kingdom 's University of York and University of Aberdeen have measured face matching aptitude of 49 Australian passport-issuing officers and compared it against a control group of 38 students from UNSW .
Conventional fixed mortgages account for 27.1 % of all complaints .
The classification uses numeric codes .
The FAA said passengers in the area and surrounding airports and possibly airports around the region , might experience flight delays or cancellations , causing long lines at airports , and encouraged them to check flight information with their carriers .
The ruling goes against an earlier order by the United States Supreme Court , allowing judges to issue same-sex couples a marriage license .
Ed Miliband , leader of the opposition Labour Party , stated on Twitter that Obama 's success in the election was `` based on building fairer economy and optimism about what politics can achieve . ''
The report suggests US men have greater pension assets than US women .
The glam rock musician Gary Glitter , real name Paul Gadd , was arrested for questioning on Sunday .
There are a few different methods of shaping a tree .
To visualise the three-dimensional flows and trajectories , Houdini animation software was used and help was provided to the researchers by National Computational Infrastructure .
During the first day of Mr Gröning 's trial , he denied any direct role in the killings , though he did admit to having witnessed them .
Some fields -- including several in MLB -- use an artificial surface , such as AstroTurf .
Islam requires women to wear more modest forms of attire , usually hijab .
Elsewhere , Typhoon Nina killed nearly 100,000 in China in 1975 due to a 100-year flood that caused 62 dams including the Banqiao Dam to fail .
The case did not involve firearms and Grieve spoke of `` seriously impeded or prejudiced '' proceedings if any jurors saw the photos .
These objections were eventually dropped and constitutional changes were made between 1997 and 1999 .
Davie 's work was admired by the likes of Jackson Pollock , Mark Rothko and David Hockney .
At the same time , work was commissioned to precisely determine the mass of a cubic decimeter -LRB- one liter -RRB- of water .
The Saddle Plateau cones are mostly cinder cones with terminal effusion of lava , while the Upper Rombo Zone cones mostly generated lava flows .
A year later , a Finnish Dorset sheep named Dolly , dubbed `` the world 's most famous sheep '' in Scientific American , was the first mammal to be cloned from an adult somatic cell .
It is a set of 12 months that may start at any date in a year .
Its collection consists of nearly one million objects .
OSS officers met repeatedly with Ho Chi Minh and other Viet Minh officers during this period and on 2 September 1945 Ho Chi Minh declared the independent Democratic Republic of Vietnam before a crowd of 500,000 in Hanoi .
He is credited with designing innovative machines , such as his screw pump , compound pulleys , and defensive war machines to protect his native Syracuse from invasion .
The 1946 Gold Coast constitution gave Africans a majority on the Legislative Council for the first time .
In the Super-G event on the second day of competition , Gourley finished in eleventh place with a time of 1:16.90 seconds , 4.41 seconds behind winner Salcher .
Egypt was invaded or conquered by a succession of foreign powers , such as the Canaanites/Hyksos , Libyans , the Nubians , the Assyrians , Babylonians , the Achaemenid Persians , and the Macedonians in the Third Intermediate Period and the Late Period of Egypt .
As a result he can not be jailed , but can be institutionalized in a mental health facility and was sent for psychiatric examinations following the attack .
There is a third way of linking the nouns where both nouns take no suffixes -LRB- takısız tamlama -RRB- .
Phage therapy is another method for treating antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria .
When questioned about the media , some of whom disappeared at the conclusion of the men 's race , and specifically the media from Wolf 's home country , he said , `` There are not so many media here , which is disappointing .
Many of the Germanic people that filled the power vacuum left by the Western Roman Empire in the Early Middle Ages codified their laws .
Nambour opened the scoring kicking a penalty goal , going ahead 3 -- 0 .
Multiple ambulances were sent to the scene .
India rejects the accusation , and calls for Pakistan to prosecute militants based there for the 2008 Mumbai attacks , which killed over 150 people .
Alleged violation of the Arabian Sea maritime boundary of Karachi -RSB- -RSB- led the fishermen to imprisonment in the Malir and Landhi District Jail .
The launch occurred at 9:51 a.m. local time according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency , two days after the country said it might delay the launch until as late as December 29 to repair a `` technical deficiency '' in the rocket .
They have one game left to play at the London Paralympics when the play Sweden , who have lost 1 -- 5 to the United States , tied Japan 0 -- 0 and beaten Canada 2 -- 1 .
It took 40 years , 1870 -- 1910 , to see major improvements in the percentage of girls aged 6 to 12 attending school .
Tributes have flowed in on social media using hashtag #IStandForMercy .
The classical concept of quantity can be traced back to John Wallis and Isaac Newton , and was foreshadowed in Euclid 's Elements .
Trevor Kavanagh , a columnist for the Sun , said that the `` major issue here is keeping the freedom of the press out of the sticky fingers of the politicians who want to control it '' .
Local weather service forecasts expect temperatures to rise above 40 ° C -LRB- 104 ° F -RRB- , as-experienced earlier in the week .
Its glyphs were formed by pressing the end of a reed stylus into moist clay , not by tracing lines in the clay with the stylus as had been done previously .
Humanistic psychology developed in the 1950s as a movement within academic psychology , in reaction to both behaviorism and psychoanalysis .
Theories of technology often attempt to predict the future of technology based on the high technology and science of the time .
In her third game in pool play , a 48 -- 62 loss to Great Britain , she again led her team in scoring with 25 points .
Till the mid 1950s , it was acceptable to produce operas in translations even if these had not been authorized by the composer or the original librettists .
Who contributed to this change ?
See also Nāga .
Irish budget airline Ryanair have dismissed pilot John Goss , who has worked with the airline for 25 years , over remarks he made in a documentary about safety at the airline .
Serious damage is rare , as the fights are usually short in duration , with the loser running away with little more than a few scratches to the face and ears .
Lisle is composed of two strands that have each been twisted an extra twist per inch than ordinary yarns and combined to create a single thread .
Williams racers Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas scored seventh and eight place respectively .
She was recognized April 22 , 2012 with the Stand Up for Choice Award .
In such words , -LSB- c -RSB- , -LSB- ɟ -RSB- , and -LSB- l -RSB- often occur with back vowels : some examples are given below .
In the adult state , they have tear ducts and movable eyelids , and most species have ears that can detect airborne or ground vibrations .
This helps to spread the plants which increases plant diversity .
Therese Coffey , a Conservative MP -LRB- Member of Parliament -RRB- , has defended Hindley 's statements to the Telegraph , as specifically referring to the `` doorstepping '' of Maria Miller 's elderly parents , specifically her father who had been returning from hospital .
The father of Martin Richard , an eight-year-old boy killed in the bombing , said he had to make the difficult choice to leave his wounded son to die so he could get help for his six-year-old daughter whose leg had been destroyed in the blast .
In another instance of defiance , Guevara spat in the face of Bolivian Rear Admiral Ugarteche , who attempted to question Guevara a few hours before his execution .
Repairs took a year , and in 1957 , the present radio aerial was added to the top .
Tony Abbott has said it is up to the Coalition party room whether MPs will be permitted to have a conscience vote , rather than being required to vote their parties ' position .
Maldonado seemed to imply the other driver played a roll in the collision .
The decoration took place in the Prague Castle , separate from the evening ceremony where other distinguished people is to be awarded , in respect to Sir Nicholas 's health .
Using these frequencies meant that even at far higher power , the range of a given FM signal was much shorter ; thus its market was more local than for AM radio .
Jeremy Clarkson , one of the presenters on the BBC 's motoring programme ` Top Gear ' has been suspended by the corporation .
Doctor Amanda Bakian , one of the researchers , said `` As suicide risk was found to differ by age and gender , this suggests that vulnerability to suicide following air pollution exposure is not uniform across Salt Lake County residents and that some Salt Lake County residents are more vulnerable than others . ''
After Rhee was overthrown in 1960 , South Korea fell within a year under a period of military rule that lasted until the re-establishment of a multi-party system in the late 1980s .
In Nahuatl , the planet is called Tlāloccītlalli , named after the rain god Tlāloc .
Films are also artifacts created by specific cultures , which reflect those cultures , and , in turn , affect them .
There is no division of labor so these nests lack queens and worker bees for these species .
The Serbian revolution initially led to a proclamation of a proto-constitution in 1811 ; the full-fledged Constitution of Serbia followed few decades later , in 1835 .
β-Lactam antibiotics , such as penicillin , inhibit the formation of peptidoglycan cross-links in the bacterial cell wall .
In Mongolian , Neptune is called Dalain Van -LRB- Далайн ван -RRB- , reflecting its namesake god 's role as the ruler of the sea .
When this happens , the original genus is called a mother cloud .
During the legislative session this year , Senator Delph made what is known in Indiana as the `` tweet heard around the world '' .
The equalities minister Maria Miller said : `` Marriage is one of our most important institutions , and from 29 March 2014 it will be open to everyone , irrespective of whether they fall in love with someone of the same sex or opposite sex .
Bank of America leads all companies in terms of total complaints filed this month with 9 .
Saturday in a game played at Colegio San Agustin in Madrid in Spain 's top level wheelchair basketball league , CD Fundosa ONCE decisively beat Getafe BSR 86 -- 36 .
Most natural diamonds are formed at high temperature and pressure at depths of 140 to 190 kilometers -LRB- 87 to 118 mi -RRB- in the Earth 's mantle .
A Caloundra player was sin binned for fighting six minutes later .
Several member states refused to support Sudan because of tensions over Darfur -LRB- see also below -RRB- .
The Indian Navy has said that two explosions yesterday on INS Sindhurakshak , a Russian-built Kilo-class submarine , have trapped up to eighteen of its sailors .
The Duke of Edinburgh missed numerous royal occasions while he was in the private building , including the Trooping the Colour on June 15 to celebrate the Queen 's Official Birthday .
Some salamanders adopt defensive poses when faced by a potential predator such as the North American northern short-tailed shrew -LRB- Blarina brevicauda -RRB- .
Chatrang was taken up by the Muslim world after the Islamic conquest of Persia -LRB- 633 -- 44 -RRB- , where it was then named shatranj , with the pieces largely retaining their Persian names .
Following the time out , Graf had to yell at Bibby several times .
It was designed to measure the level of the Nile , which was important for agricultural and administrative purposes .
In his records , Armstrong almost single-handedly created the role of the jazz soloist , taking what had been essentially a collective folk music and turning it into an art form with tremendous possibilities for individual expression .
But this has caused serious disturbance to marine habitats such as erosion and pollution in many places along the Mediterranean coasts .
Each of the arches in the second - and third-floor arcades framed statues , probably honoring divinities and other figures from Classical mythology .
Other phenomena caused by the solar wind include geomagnetic storms that can knock out power grids on Earth , the aurorae such as the Northern Lights , and the plasma tails of comets that always point away from the sun .
Chadian troops have been involved in helping to fight off troops as part of a wider African force and they have been playing a key role in trying to free Northern Mali .
The 54th and last chapter `` The Floating Bridge of Dreams '' is sometimes argued to be a separate part from the Uji part by modern scholars .
Vladislav Vasin won the men 's 50 meter freestyle .
Meanwhile religious experience goes on experiencing , so that by the time I get my dogma stated so that I can think about it , the religious experience becomes an object of thought .
Finnish born Ikonen had been suspended for six months following the Vancouver Games following a positive doping test .
Early liberals also laid the groundwork for the separation of church and state .
The German poet and scientist , Goethe , could not shake the Newtonian foundation but `` one hole Goethe did find in Newton 's armour , ... Newton had committed himself to the doctrine that refraction without colour was impossible .
It appears that decreasing specific humidity instead of temperature changes has caused the shrinkage of the slope glaciers since the late 19th century .
Jean d'Orléans , the acting head of the ducal family of Orléans on behalf of his captive half-brother , initially excluded her from war councils and failed to inform her when the army engaged the enemy .
Another British explorer , Captain Scott , died a century ago on his Antarctic expedition after being caught out by the beginning of winter .
They are hoping to qualify for the World Championships , which are being held in Toronto , Canada , in June next year .
The smooth ER plays a role in calcium sequestration and release .
The fact that it represents a syllable that does not exist in any Standard Chinese word means that it could be classified as a dialectal character .
A further minor complication exists at altitude .
The airline 's new brand-mark and livery features a masi design created by Fijian artist , Makereta Matemosi .
Graduated in literature by the Lehman College of CUNY in 1976 , Rufino Lopez has preserved his admiration to the great figures of Spanish literary and philosophical tradition , as Unamuno and Ortega y Gasset , or Cervantes , while shaping the Solera Restaurant , located in the city of New York for more than twenty years , near the United Nations Headquarters .
The other target is South Korean citizens who have been increasingly agitated about the possession of WMDs by its Northern counterpart and want to see some guarantee from their own government .
-LRB- abbreviation for pizzicato -RRB- in the written music is to be played by plucking the string with a finger of the right hand rather than by bowing .
At the time , two security guards were checking vehicles entering the estate , while others were praying .
Baha'i - inspired author Gregory Paul Meyjes embraces the single world community and emergent global consciousness but warns of globalization as a cloak for an expeditious economic , social , and cultural Anglo-dominance that may be insufficiently fertile to sustain the emergence of a world civilization .
Brod ignored this request and published the novels and collected works between 1925 and 1935 .
Medieval Latin might use fui and fueram instead .
Coe also argued the Olympics and other sporting events help promote social change : `` International sport is not an inhibitor of social change , it actually has quite strong catalytic effects .
The term `` cold '' is used because there was no large-scale fighting directly between the two sides , although there were major regional wars , known as proxy wars , supported by the two sides .
Nietzsche thoroughly criticized metaphysics , and by including the will to power in the material world , he would simply be setting up a new metaphysics .
In remarks to Sky News , he said , `` I want to do what we reasonably can to protect Australian citizens , Australian interests and Australian values , and there is a very strong community of interests and values between the United States and Australia and our other principal allies '' .
Words of different origins occupy different registers in Japanese .
The highest scorer was Hunt , with 21 points , closely followed by Ardossi with 20 , Cosier with 10 , and Wilson with 9 .
-LRB- -LRB- William S. Saturn -RRB- -RRB- Let 's get into social issues now .
Drop handlebars `` drop '' as they curve forward and down , offering the cyclist best braking power from a more aerodynamic `` crouched '' position , as well as more upright positions in which the hands grip the brake lever mounts , the forward curves , or the upper flat sections for increasingly upright postures .
An important factor to take into consideration when thinking of consumers ' needs is the key demographics of the customer .
As new programming languages have developed , features have been added that let programmers express ideas that are more remote from simple translation into underlying hardware instructions .
The Capitals shot poorly , with a team average of 30 % from field goal range , ultimately going 21/70 .
Since 1909 , the ratio of children in the developing world attending school has increased .
The South Africans alleged runners from other countries were cheating by being measured using one set of competition prosthetics , then using different prosthetics during the race .
The SM-1 Nuclear Power Plant , at Fort Belvoir , Virginia , was the first power reactor in the U.S. to supply electrical energy to a commercial grid -LRB- VEPCO -RRB- , in April 1957 , before Shippingport .
The first class , the Council of Electors , consisted of the electors , or the princes who could vote for King of the Romans .
Starting the race in thirteenth , Gordon claimed his 89th career win , first of the 2014 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season , and third at the track .
The Association of Latin Entertainment Critics of New York published Thursday and updated yesterday , at its official websites , a press release condemning Spanish RTVE 's United States correspondent and bureau chief Almudena Ariza , asking RTVE 's Ethics Department to `` dismiss the correspondent and remove the correspondent from the US '' .
The indiscreet affair scandalised Munich , and Wagner also fell into disfavour with many leading members of the court , who were suspicious of his influence on the King .
The police have asked residents in Moncton to not post their observations of events on social media sites .
According to the website of the organization , the award was created with the mission to promote the image of Spanish emigration in the United States , and is given to promote the work of those who are contributing to the consolidation of the Spanish-American identity in the United States .
For sociologist Georg Simmel -LRB- 1858 -- 1918 -RRB- , culture referred to `` the cultivation of individuals through the agency of external forms which have been objectified in the course of history . ''
I think the role of the media is to inform about the event and to cover it fairly .
In Latin , and in English until around 1700 , the term mathematics more commonly meant `` astrology '' -LRB- or sometimes `` astronomy '' -RRB- rather than `` mathematics '' ; the meaning gradually changed to its present one from about 1500 to 1800 .
I grew up in a time that is not , obviously , today , and I just fell in love with Indiana high school basketball .
In 1820 , there were 160 , including crimes such as shoplifting , petty theft or stealing cattle .
The report mentions the importance of gender equality for national development as it ties into improve productivity , improved outcomes for the next generation , and more representative decision making .
Other citizens are also showing signs of the same unknown condition , health officials said .
Lamothe 's resignation had been recommended on Friday by a commission set up by President Michel Martelly .
Nazism suffers from unreality , like Erigena 's hell .
During his time as head of state , several social , economic , religious and political developments and systems were established for the first time in Ethiopia .
The Czech Republic 's Michal Geier scored the equalizer in the third period .
If so , where and how did you do that ?
Hemolymph fills all of the interior hemocoel of the body and surrounds all cells .
Sarah was a champion for gun violence prevention and her commitment and fiery compassion will live on . ''
The higher finger then plucks the string while the lower one stays on , thus producing the correct pitch .
Goalball was created in 1946 as a sport exclusively for people with a visual disability and designed to help veterans returning from World War II with their rehabilitation .
To land safely or enter a stable orbit the spacecraft would rely entirely on rocket motors .
The results are based on a survey of 166,000 adults from Australia , Austria , Flanders , Canada , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , France , Germany , Ireland , Italy , Japan , South Korea , the Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Slovakia , Spain , Sweden , England , Northern Ireland , the United States , Cyprus , and Russia .
can be added to the complex plane as a topological space giving the one-point compactification of the complex plane .
Radiation at that tank soared to 1,800 millisieverts per hour yesterday , a rate lethal to an exposed human in about four hours .
A wave consists of successive troughs and crests , and the distance between two adjacent crests or troughs is called the wavelength .
The users can transfer data to an Android phone using a touch-card to make it available online .
Although Jews made up only one percent of the French population , they made up fifteen to twenty percent of the French Resistance .
Therefore , they only paid for policing for the protection of their property .
Mattamy Athletic Centre , Toronto , Canada -- Germany defeated the United States and Canada defeated the Netherlands yesterday in the semifinals of the 2014 Women 's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship at the Mattamy Athletic Centre in Toronto , Canada .
Although the Scottish Government aims to reduce prisoner populations the new prison is to be more than twice the size of Barlinnie .
However , Schwartz also finds that since World War II , Lincoln 's symbolic power has lost relevance , and this `` fading hero is symptomatic of fading confidence in national greatness '' .
Monotremes have some features which may be inherited from the original amniotes such as the same orifice to urinate , defecate and reproduce -LRB- cloaca -RRB- -- as lizards and birds also do -- and they lay eggs which are leathery and uncalcified .
For over two years young Schubert endured such drudgery , dragging himself through it with resounding indifference .
The information became available on the Minor Planet Center 's website yesterday .
Gould said there is a weekly video conference with the players .
The nails of burrowing species tend to be long and strong , while arboreal rodents have shorter , sharper nails .
In the 20th century , supermarkets were born .
Others who followed the same path were Alexander Herzen , Mikhail Bakunin and Peter Kropotkin .
Analysis of such characteristic isotopic signatures traced Broken Hill , Australia as the pioneering source of lead pollution in Antarctica , and even today its contribution remains significant .
The woman was pronounced dead on the scene ; the man is recovering in hospital and is reported to be in a stable condition .
Wikinews has obtained a letter by Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill to former Conservative justice spokesman John Lamont in response to questions raised by our correspondent about the Mikaeel Kular murder case .
Gay Deputy Chief Minister Andrew Barr spoke with feeling about the impact the legislation would have on same-sex couples .
Electromagnetic pickups work on the same principles and in a similar manner to an electrical generator .
However , different scholars have different opinions on how the three stages are divided .
These remarks were made after 40 US Navy medical staff were sent to the facility to deal with the growing hunger strike that began on February 6 this year , where twenty one inmates are now being force fed ; five of those are in hospital .
Russia clearly can not contest the US on a global basis in the way that the USSR once could , but it remains a great power with a powerful regional presence , while the limits of US power have been graphically illustrated in the Middle East and Caucasus .
Radio New Zealand International quoted Tong as saying , `` It 's the first time we are doing this .
The circadian clock is influenced by light but continues to operate even when light levels are held constant and no other external time-of-day cues are available .
Shortly after that , Rogge is scheduled to step down from his position as IOC President .
Though taken to hospital , Wu , who was reportedly the mother of a young son , died .
Hyunmoo-3c 's range of 1,500 km indicates that the Korean military oversees the entire Northeast Asian region as its strategic theatre .
Cars were crushed by trees or flipped over .
If the product has an elastic demand , a greater portion of the tax will be absorbed by the seller .
Coming to the game with several loud chanting fans and a drum , Getafe scored the first point of the game about 15 seconds into it off a free throw made by Polish player Krzysztof Bandura .
His lawyer said he was upset at having not been paid , and drunk , when he killed Terre'Blanche .
Libya have said they had not given permission for the plane to enter the country 's airspace .
The U.N. serves primarily as a forum for international diplomacy and international law .
Other Mesopotamian innovations include the control of water by dams and the use of aqueducts .
`` Person who planted bomb in Tel Aviv bus yesterday-found and arrested .
The first black belts to denote a dan rank in the 1880s , initially the wide obi was used ; as practitioners trained in kimono , only white and black obi were used .
But , before hand in middle school , I kept on hearing about this guy named Mario , and he kept on hearing about me , this girl named Isabel .
The most important single article of the Magna Carta , related to `` habeas corpus '' , provided that the king was not permitted to imprison , outlaw , exile or kill anyone at a whim -- there must be due process of law first .
The team took an early 6 -- 0 lead .
Meanwhile , thirteen Israeli soldiers were killed Sunday , including two soldiers who were United States citizens .
University were the team to break this run -- winning in 2007 , 2008 , and 2009 .
Isabel : And , I can not express my thanks to our fans enough , they are absolutely great and amazing people .
Following a back surgery in 2005 that attempted to fix the discs , he had complications that resulted in permanent nerve damage and paralysis in his lower legs .
The Conservative and Liberals parties signed on , along with a small cadre of Labour , but the vast majority of Labour leaders denounced MacDonald as a traitor for leading the new government .
The city also received 8.3 million domestic overnight visitors in 2013 who spent a total of $ 6 billion .
One is a young woman named Allie Hyatt who trains in Judo with Willy Cahill , -LSB- whom -RSB- I have also trained with .
I do n't know if its still there .
`` I hate football and I hate the police '' , his profile reads , adding he enjoyed a drink at the weekend .
-LSB- ... -RSB- Professionally , I have enjoyed making a contribution to the Museum , yet , as many couples have discovered a ` commuter relationship ' is not ideal . ''
But I 'm always humble and grateful that people consider my record and my views worthy of consideration for such purpose .
Sombat Boonngam-anong , a social activist who has made efforts to rally the Thai people in continued protest , offered his own interpretation of the gesture on Facebook .
She also commented on the floods which affected the suburb of North Wagga in March 2012 .
In January 2016 , scientists reported that , about 800 million years ago , a minor genetic change in a single molecule called GK-PID may have allowed organisms to go from a single cell organism to one of many cells .
At the same time , according to Paul Bird of the Oceania Paralympic Committee , the Micronesian of Oceania has been left completely behind by the Paralympic movement .
Liquid water can not persist on the lunar surface .
The European and Japanese empires were shattered and Communist parties played a leading role in many independence movements .
He launched a programme to replace coal power with oil power .
The winner was tabulated based on the fastest score for a visually impaired skier on the team , a female skier on the team , and a male skier on the team .
For historical reasons , the Greek designations of some constellations begin with a lower ranked letter .
We 're a lot stronger than we ever have been , I think , mentally .
Other writers have argued that Smith 's support for laissez-faire -LRB- which in French means leave alone -RRB- has been overstated .
He founded two newspapers : one for the troops in his army and another for circulation in France .
Vikings -LRB- Danish and Bokmål : vikinger ; Swedish and Nynorsk : vikingar ; Icelandic : víkingar -RRB- , from Old Norse víkingr , were Nordic seafarers , mainly speaking the Old Norse language , who raided and traded from their Northern European homelands across wide areas of northern , central and eastern Europe , during the late 8th to late 11th centuries .
The new Qin dynasty must be ruled by the next element on the list , which is water , represented by the colour black .
The blue artificial surface -- the same used for the hockey during the Olympics -- could be slippery at times .
It is authentic , distinctive , and true to the airline 's Fijian roots '' , the airline said .
The four defendants were jailed in Courtroom 2 of the Old Bailey , where on Wednesday Michael Adebolajo also received a whole life term for a terror attack which killed soldier Lee Rigby .
French leader François Hollande said in choosing Obama over Mitt Romney , voters in the United States had voted for `` an America of openness and solidarity , fully engaged on the international scene and conscious of the challenges facing our planet : peace , economy and the environment '' .
According to a Wall Street Journal interview with Matthew Prince , CEO of CloudFlare , a company that tracks web traffic and metrics , during the attack Chinese Internet traffic dropped by 32 % .
Prime Minister Alexander Stubb supported the change to the law .
Their bodies were found in the cockpit , with leg fractures .
The start of the second saw ONCE more aggressive than Getafe , earning a few personal fouls .
In copular -LRB- A = B -RRB- clauses , word order is just as important as in English : `` people are animals '' is distinguished from `` animals are people '' .
This goal is projected to be reached .
And I had gotten to know Congressman Hill when I was an executive with Comcast Corporation .
Marriage is commonly celebrated in the context of a Eucharistic service -LRB- a nuptial Mass or Divine Liturgy -RRB- .
Upon taking effect , the convention is intended to protect the rights of around 53 to 100 million domestic workers around the world .
United States B2 classified skier Danelle Umstead and guide Robert Umstead finished just off the podium in fourth place .
Many of the complaints are , according to the CFPB , because borrowers have difficulty getting deferrments on loan repayment as a result of being unable to find employment .
In the 2nd century AD , the Greco-Egyptian astronomer Ptolemy -LRB- from Alexandria , Egypt -RRB- printed detailed trigonometric tables -LRB- Ptolemy 's table of chords -RRB- in Book 1 , chapter 11 of his Almagest .
Cardiac and smooth muscle contractions are stimulated by internal pacemaker cells which regularly contract , and propagate contractions to other muscle cells they are in contact with .
Zhou had limited crowd support , with only one large Chinese flag visible in the spectator area .
Note that keyboards used to enter such text may still restrict users to Romanized text , as only ASCII or Latin-alphabet characters may be available .
This heat energy is then converted into mechanical energy , manifested as an increase in pressure in the combustion chamber due to the kinetic energy of the combustion gases .
The WNBA has been looked at by many as a niche league .
They differ mostly in that they are manufactured to tighter tolerances than the corresponding bolts .
Radio and television programs are distributed over frequency bands that in the United States are highly regulated .
In 2013 , four aging uncompetitive U.S reactors were closed .
Spokesperson Caitlin Hayden for the White House National Security Council told al-Jazeera : `` The Department of Defense has responsibility for the health , welfare and humane treatment of detainees at Guantánamo Bay , and I would refer you to them for further questions about the specifics of their policies and procedures '' .
At funeral pickets and other protests , Phelps and other members of his church held brightly coloured signs with messages including ` God Hates Fags ' , ` Thank God for 9/11 ' and ` Thank God for Dead Soldiers ' .
His speech was met with thunderous applause , and even his long-time rival Turgenev embraced him .
Fraser died only five months after his predecessor , Whitlam .
This device can produce exceptionally large quantities of long-lived radioactive contamination .
Aitchison and Millar were listening to music and drinking alongside MacKinnon in his residence on November 22 , 2011 and MacKinnon punched Aitchison as `` a joke '' during this visit , the court was told .
The word bolt is also a very old word , and it was used for centuries to refer to metal rods that passed through the substrate to be fastened on the other side , often via nonthreaded means -LRB- clinching , forge welding , pinning , wedging , etc. -RRB- .
Five men pleaded not guilty yesterday to the rape and murder of a 23-year-old Delhi student .
The station is now defunct and the tracks have been removed , but there still is a ticket counter and a shuttle to Damacus Kadam station in the south of the city , which now functions as the main railway station .
In the 19th century , bolts fastened via screw threads were often called screw bolts in contradistinction to clench bolts .
If you say it 's a state issue where 42 states have said that marriage is between a man and a woman .
What crimes are committed in thy name ! ''
However , fights for mating rights are typically more severe and injuries may include deep puncture wounds and lacerations .
However , it does not work in every situation , and may require more than one polymorphic locus to give an accurate result .
The acid and the base share the electron pair that formerly only belonged to the base .
Later that year the Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to Kissinger and Thọ , but the Vietnamese negotiator declined it saying that a true peace did not yet exist .
To make a difference in America you must have the `` Bully Pulpit '' and speak to the People .
However , before this type of samba was to consolidate as the `` national samba '' in Brazil , there were traditional forms of sambas in Bahia and São Paulo .
Marguerite and Amélie often served as models for Matisse .
Evidence however does not support a significant effect from this practice .
Quintana edged out Froome by eleven points to take the King of the Mountains jersey while Peter Sagan took the green points jersey .
Started in 2007 , this fee has greatly increased the tolls for such ships .
Richard Desmond , the owner of Britain 's Channel 5 , will reportedly sell the channel to US media company Viacom for an estimated # 450m .
Similarly , discretization induces a discretization error because the solution of the discrete problem does not coincide with the solution of the continuous problem .
Other restrictions placed on citizens by the junta include internet censorship and restrictions on television broadcasts .
At least two journalists were released after being held captive in Syria for approximately five days according to NBC News .
This information is good to know because the flowering stage would also be the most opportune time of an increased nutritional value of the plant as well .
It was registered to an aviation company owned by one the victims , Michael Rosenberg -- Sage Aviation LLC based out of Chapel Hill , North Carolina -- according to authorities .
Columbus then sailed more than 100 kilometres -LRB- 62 miles -RRB- eastwards along the northern coast of Hispaniola , establishing a new settlement , which he called La Isabela , in the present-day Dominican Republic .
The siege lasted for over sixteen hours until the gunman was taken down .
We were actually told by her first grade teacher that she would have a hard time graduating from high school and that college was not in the cards , which obviously was a lot for mom and dad to take with our first grader .
The decision was announced by Cabinet Secretary Musharraf Hossain Bhuiyan at a media briefing following the meeting .
These major mountain ranges act as a barrier causing a strong rain shadow effect on the leeward side by dropping much of the humidity brought by atmospheric disturbances along the polar front which affects the surrounding Mediterranean climates .
The failure of the second sentence , which proposes to ban same-sex civil unions , could possibly open the door for civil unions in the future .
Frank Patterson , Emergency Management Coordinator for the city of Waco and McLennan County , was the first to speak .
Investor 's Business Daily is distributed from its L.A. corporate offices , which are headquartered in Playa del Rey .
Yesterday , at 11:00 am local time in Iceland , the National Commissioner of the Icelandic Police declared an `` uncertainty phase '' , the lowest civilian volcanic alert level , for the country 's Hekla stratovolcano which is located on the southern part of island nation .
Manchester acquired the nickname Cottonopolis during the early 19th century owing to its sprawl of textile factories .
It inaugurated a new Western-based education system for all young people , sent thousands of students to the United States and Europe , and hired more than 3,000 Westerners to teach modern science , mathematics , technology , and foreign languages in Japan -LRB- Foreign government advisors in Meiji Japan -RRB- .
The storm itself may ultimately stretch across 22 states , potentially effecting about one-third of the country 's population .
Second , as a person ages the skin becomes less adept at producing vitamin D.
Maize is used as a fish bait , called `` dough balls '' .
Locke did not return home until after the Glorious Revolution .
The history of the Spanish-American International Award began in 2012 , when the writer and filmmaker Artur Balder was awarded .
Why this sudden upsurge in activity occurred is not fully known , but it appears that Uranus 's extreme axial tilt results in extreme seasonal variations in its weather .
This was called the German economic miracle or `` Wirtschaftswunder '' .
Other antibiotics produced by fungi include : ciclosporin , commonly used as an immunosuppressant during transplant surgery ; and fusidic acid , used to help control infection from methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteria .
The worst of the famine was steered towards enemies of the state .
As the Communists awaited Chiang 's arrival , he loosed the White Terror , massacring 5000 with the aid of the Green Gang .
Rizzo added , `` Given the magnitude of the storm , it 's really a miracle that no one sustained more serious injuries '' .
Upon learning the whereabouts of the Prussian army , the French swung westwards and crossed the Saale with overwhelming force .
The approval ratings of UK Labour leader Ed Miliband rose above those of his Conservative opponent , David Cameron , for the first time in this year 's bitterly fought general election campaign .
Since its opening , in the days when the paella was made in Manhattan in a pot with a lid instead of the regional authentic way as made in Valencia , with a pan , the Executive Chef of Solera Restaurant at that time , Dominick Cerrone , began incorporating Spanish regional dishes prepared with fidelity to its Spanish origin , one of the marks of the restaurant .
In Europe , this was prevented through the social practice of impartible inheritance -LRB- the dis-inheriting of most siblings , some of whom went on to become celibate monks and priests -RRB- .
These scale tones may replace the natural scale tones , or they may be added to the scale , as in the case of the minor blues scale , in which the flattened third replaces the natural third , the flattened seventh replaces the natural seventh and the flattened fifth is added between the natural fourth and natural fifth .
He decreed all merchants must pay commercial and property taxes , and he paid off all drafts drawn by high-ranking Mongol elites from the merchants .
In some societies , the very high social and religious importance of marital fidelity , especially female fidelity , has as result the criminalization of adultery , often with harsh penalties such as stoning or flogging ; as well as leniency towards punishment of violence related to infidelity -LRB- such as honor killings -RRB- .
In an internal combustion engine the expansion of the high-temperature and high-pressure gases produced by combustion applies direct force to some component of the engine .
This can include pure iron , such as wrought iron , or an alloy such as steel .
Following accusations that he engaged in `` inappropriate acts '' with three priests and a former priest , Cardinal Keith O'Brien resigned yesterday from his post as Archbishop of St Andrews and Edinburgh .
The plane is totally burned '' .
Germany had not yet been unified into a nation-state but Nietzsche was born a citizen of Prussia , which was then part of the German Confederation .
In 968 , the Fatimids were led by General Jawhar al-Siqilli with his Kutama army , to establish a new capital for the Fatimid dynasty .
The winner gets a cash prize of AU$ 60,000 .
In his 1799 doctorate in absentia , A new proof of the theorem that every integral rational algebraic function of one variable can be resolved into real factors of the first or second degree , Gauss proved the fundamental theorem of algebra which states that every non-constant single-variable polynomial with complex coefficients has at least one complex root .
An analysis of Fluke 's candidacy by Peter Roff of U.S. News & World Report called attention to her role in the political phenomenon in the recent election cycle known as the `` War on Women '' which drew significant attention to issues of women 's rights .
Corradini spoke of Italy as being a `` proletarian nation '' that needed to pursue imperialism in order to challenge the `` plutocratic '' French and British .
The exploration of the Americas revealed large numbers of new plants and animals that needed descriptions and classification .
The accident occurred at about 1430 UTC today , when the vehicle hit multiple pedestrians on Queen Street , then crashed into Millennium Hotel alongside George Square , located in the city centre .
The next development in accuracy occurred after 1656 with the invention of the pendulum clock .
University scored a final try four minutes from full time with Millington converting .
In China , the total excess female deaths grew by 202,000 .
The reaction was also inspired by Abe 's visit to Yasukuni Shrine in December .
In preparation for a quarterly meeting of the Marine Corps Uniform Board scheduled for next week , a survey was sent out asking for feedback on whether women 's hats should be made to more closely model the current men 's dress hat or if all Marines should switch to the Dan Daly cap .
C2 classified He also set a classification world record in her ride , with a time of 42.448 seconds and factored time of 39.158 seconds .
A 21-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of the same type of offence has been released without charge .
Such dams often marked the beginning of a town or city because it was easy to cross the river at such a place , and often gave rise to the respective place 's names in Dutch .
Allegations then surfaced on the Internet about Lord McAlpine .
They shared the views of many rising young officers that the new methods of warfare meant that traditional tactics were obsolete and cavalry would no longer serve a useful purpose in the age of machine guns and barbed wire .
A photographer has died after being run over by a car in Los Angeles , California , United States .
Ten days of drills , `` Velayat 90 '' , was conducted last December and `` Velayat 89 '' a year and a half before that in May 2010 .
Many popular artists were discovered at this time .
And coaching the team , I started coaching the national League , a completely different came , the thing I liked about it is wheelchair basketball is like the old-school basketball , screen and roll basketball .
The UNHCR has also cited delays processing the refugee applications , lack of legal counseling , health issues including trauma and mental health cases , and responsibility of both Australia and Nauru for the treatment .
The festival was first held in 2003 , called at that time Docudays on Human Rights .
As the decay process produces an electron neutrino , some of the proposed explanations for the observed rate oscillation invoke neutrino properties .
We would welcome the Chinese government investigating whether we are instigating these immolations . ''
James Joseph , the second , competed at the 2006 Winter Paralympics and 2010 Winter Paralympics .
Gram-positive bacteria possess a thick cell wall containing many layers of peptidoglycan and teichoic acids .
Secondary infertility caused by an unsafe abortion affects an estimated 24 million women .
China 's starting lineup included Liang Jiamei , Ma Xueya , Cui Xiaoxue , Huang Hongpin , and Shen Yi .
If Los Angeles loses , it appears local taxpayers may be liable .
He wrote in 1964 : `` What she does is neither difficult nor diverting , but the fact that she does it at all fills the onlookers with wonder ... It takes two to make a conjuring trick : the illusionist 's sleight of hand and the stooge 's desire to be deceived .
A way to look at the difference between the two is through an example .
Many radio and television broadcasters provide Internet feeds of their live audio and video productions .
The Comnenus mosaic , also located on the eastern wall of the southern gallery , dates from 1122 .
Russia and Montenegro are competing in Group G of the qualification process .
Lord Neuberger , in giving the majority decision of the court , stated the Attorney General could not veto the release `` merely because he , a member of the executive , considering the same facts and arguments , takes a different view from that taken by the tribunal or court '' .
Apart from eBay , Kijiji was also suggested as another avenue by which to sell the carcass .
First , they stay indoors more due to decreased activity levels .
Authorities are still investigating the bombing .
She spurred on attendees of the event to become more active in supporting women 's rights : `` It 's time for young women in this country to join the fight , because it 's our rights and our health that are at stake . ''
At this time , 17 countries allow same-sex marriage , the most recent being Scotland .
A brief statement from the Ukrainian interior ministry said : `` We confirm the information that -LSB- Mr Kolobov -RSB- has been detained . ''
Murphy singled out McCluskey for criticism , claiming to have `` been at the centre of a campaign by the London leadership of the Unite union in blaming myself and the Scottish Labour party for the defeat of the UK Labour party in the general election .
Analysis of the economics of nuclear power must take into account who bears the risks of future uncertainties .
According to Spanish law , the boy , because he is under fourteen years of age , can not be held criminally responsible .
However the Justices dismissed the application for leave to appeal against conviction , ruling it had `` no prospect of success '' over a point that the Commonwealth Electoral Act was enacted within power .
Cortés , either in a pre-meditated effort to instill fear upon the Aztecs waiting for him at Tenochtitlan or -LRB- as he later claimed , when he was being investigated -RRB- wishing to make an example when he feared native treachery , massacred thousands of unarmed members of the nobility gathered at the central plaza , then partially burned the city .
A `` Greater Israel '' promised by God is generally considered off limits in civic discourse inside Israel .
This year , some sources have even encouraged holiday job seekers to consider working at a haunted attraction to earn money .
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
Its most prominent feature is its competitive element , where the objective is to either throw or takedown an opponent to the ground , immobilize or otherwise subdue an opponent with a pin , or force an opponent to submit with a joint lock or a choke .
Cook 's journal recorded the date of the goat 's death : 28 March 1772 .
Fearing the opposition of the other German princes and the military intervention of Austria and Russia , the King renounced this popular mandate .
Resolution in CPD can be measured by bar charts of different numbers of white/black stripe cycles .
From 1490 to 1492 , Michelangelo attended the Humanist academy that the Medici had founded along Neo-Platonic lines .
Upright Cyrillic lowercase letters are essentially small capitals -LRB- with exceptions : Cyrillic ⟨ а ⟩ , ⟨ е ⟩ , ⟨ і ⟩ , ⟨ ј ⟩ , ⟨ р ⟩ , and ⟨ у ⟩ adopted Western lowercase shapes , lowercase ⟨ ф ⟩ is typically designed under the influence of Latin ⟨ p ⟩ , lowercase ⟨ б ⟩ , ⟨ ђ ⟩ and ⟨ ћ ⟩ are traditional handwritten forms -RRB- , although a good-quality Cyrillic typeface will still include separate small-caps glyphs .
In addition to fermenting the beer , yeast influences the character and flavour .
Australia 's Libby Kosmala , who at 70 years old was competing in her eleventh Paralympic Games , finished eighth with a score of 488.7 , several points behind the leaders .
I wrote and carried into law a strong reform in the area of education for high performing schools .
During the government shutdown , some CFPB staff have voiced their opinions on Twitter .
Luxembourg , which is very predominantly Roman Catholic , has five so-called officially recognised cults of national importance -LRB- Roman Catholicism , Protestantism , Greek Orthodoxy , Judaism and Islam -RRB- , a status which gives to those religions some privileges like the payment of a state salary to their priests .
The brisket , ribs and loin are among the preferred parts , and the hump is considered a delicacy .
At the end of 1813 , he left the Stadtkonvikt and returned home for teacher training at the Normalhauptschule .
Western leaders have accused Russia of a military build-up adjacent to Ukraine .
So it would be very interesting to fabricate a series of spheres that have same optical properties but different mechanical failure points .
The more egalitarian gana-sangha form of government , as a political alternative to the strongly hierarchical kingdoms , may have influenced the development of the śramanic Jain and Buddhist sanghas , where monarchies tended toward Vedic Brahmanism .
In the television show Red Dwarf , which begins in the late 22nd century , crewman Arnold Rimmer constantly spends his time trying to learn Esperanto and failing , even compared to his bunkmate Dave Lister who only maintains a casual interest .
He prepared to launch a Crusade against Constantinople .
You criticized President Obama for his stance that same-sex marriage be left to the states .
The SI unit for acceleration is metre per second squared -LRB- m s − 2 -RRB- .
Chaplin finished editing City Lights in December 1930 , by which time silent films were an anachronism .
Founded as a political movement in 2002 , Boko Haram seek to create an Islamic country in Northern Nigeria , where the Nigerian military have been engaged in operations aimed at removing the extremists since 2009 .
Though Massachusetts does not have the death penalty , as the case is being heard in federal court the prosecutors are able to seek the death penalty .
This is a catastrophe , it -LSB- is -RSB- a mockery of the revolution that brought him to power . ''
On April 10 Senator Pat Toomey , accompanying Senator Joe Manchin in announcing the amendment , said it aimed to make `` it more difficult for criminals and mentally ill people to obtain guns '' .
Former New York Times publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger died at 86 years old on Saturday .
For example , opera houses in Italy routinely staged Wagner in Italian .
I look forward to doing that , and I 've not had the chance to be educated on what he stands for , and what his positions are , and I look forward to doing that .
Alhazen also developed the method of proof by contradiction , as the first attempt at proving the Euclidean parallel postulate .
Carney also said the Bank of England would look into the procedures used to issue loans and mortgages to see if they were being granted appropriately : `` We 'd be concerned if there was a rapid increase in high loan-to-value mortgages across the banks .
These sequences were obtained from specimens we have collected in the past -LRB- 38 -RRB- and from tissues we borrowed from different natural history collections .
An elaborate post-and-beam pulley system was used to raise the blocks into desired position .
Beauty is studied as part of aesthetics , culture , social psychology and sociology .
It is mind boggling to me that since 2008 the United States government has added a trillion dollars in national debt each and every year .
Her funeral , held at the Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery on August 8 , was private and attended by only her closest associates .
Utnapishtim explains that the gods decided to send a great flood .
In modernising its infrastructure through the centuries , Paris has preserved even its earliest history in its street map .
He said his group is set to recruit over 3,000 people to assist in the effort .
Earlier this year , Wikinews reported the Syrian army fired several rockets or mortar shells at residences , near the position of a citizen journalist in Homs , Syria .
In 1920 and 1921 , local opposition to requisitioning resulted in anti-Bolshevik peasant uprisings breaking out across Russia , although these were suppressed .
However , there is an ambiguity once gravity comes into play .
Not until spring 1960 did Mao again express concern about abnormal deaths and other abuses , but he failed to apply the pressure needed to stop them .
New rulers were sent in by Paris .
The prisoners ' allegations include their captors using water torture techniques and inserting large nose tubes to deliver food .
When Bartholdi returned to the United States in 1893 , he made additional suggestions , all of which proved ineffective .
Neither Trinity Mirror nor CNN have made any statement regarding Morgan 's police questioning .
Commenting on the illegalization of NPSs , Ng Ser Song , the director of the CNB , had this to say .
This is supported by new equipment , such as a new drill barge and suction dredger , and an increase of the tug boat fleet by 20 % .
Unlike the Biological Species Concept , a cladistic species does not rely on reproductive isolation , so it is independent of processes that are integral in other concepts .
An unidentified 28-year-old man has been taken into custody after police in Northern Ireland seized a large amount of cannabis upon the planned police raid of a house in the town of Magherafelt Tuesday .
The Jacoby rule is widely used in money play but is not used in match play .
Several other proofs of this theorem are described below , but this is known as the Pythagorean one .
Ovid 's use of Alexandrian epic , or elegiac couplets , shows his fusion of erotic and psychological style with traditional forms of epic .
During the campaign , Bonaparte became increasingly influential in French politics .
Eggs that are long and pointed give more male , rounded eggs mainly female hatchlings -LRB- De Re Rustica 8.5.11 -RRB- .
In Sweden a report into a Ryanair emergency landing concluded this week an airline employee wiped the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder to prevent the investigation accessing them .
Manik Sethisuwan has taken to Twitter with this message : `` Dear #HungerGames .
OT is involved in training to help relearn everyday activities known as the activities of daily living -LRB- ADLs -RRB- such as eating , drinking , dressing , bathing , cooking , reading and writing , and toileting .
Following their practice of the time , they prepared his body with funerary rituals usually reserved for the chiefs and highest elders of the society .
Alternatively , it might be a consequence of the sphere deforming at such high rotation rates .
`` lord 's child '' -RRB- , which originally signified the younger , non-inheriting , offspring of a noble , became , in Confucius ' work , an epithet having much the same meaning and evolution as the English `` gentleman '' .
Baku in Azerbaijan and Doha in Qatar took part in the first stage of the bid process but were eliminated from contention in May at a meeting of the IOC 's Executive Board in Quebec City , Canada .
This represents an empirical value for the theoretical limit on the mass of forming stars due to increasing radiation pressure on the accreting gas cloud .
The plane , a 1974 Piper , model PA28140 , crashed in a field just east of the airport .
They travelled over large areas with their herds , moving to new pastures as seasonal and erratic rainfall encouraged new plant growth .
And , we 'll all debate things that nobody really cares about , interminably , until they all go away for good . ''
As Ben Rozitis , a planetary scientist and a co-author of the study , told Space.com : `` I was expecting to find a high-density metallic asteroid , as such an asteroid would n't require cohesive forces to hold itself together under its fast rotation .
The open circulatory system is a system in which a fluid in a cavity called the hemocoel bathes the organs directly with oxygen and nutrients and there is no distinction between blood and interstitial fluid ; this combined fluid is called hemolymph or haemolymph .
In the Slavic Alps alone 19 dialects have been identified .
The first human to orbit Earth was Yuri Gagarin on 12 April 1961 .
Roller mills were first used for making sheets , but also were developed for rolling structural shapes such as angles and rails .
Earlier this week the World Bank released the 2012 World Development Report on Gender Equality and Development .
The Hoover Dam is a massive concrete arch-gravity dam , constructed in the Black Canyon of the Colorado River , on the border between the US states of Arizona and Nevada between 1931 and 1936 during the Great Depression .
The OC Weekly website reported last week that your running mate , Judge Jim Gray remarked during an appearance at Tulane University that you two plan to run again in 2016 .
The Commonwealth Government challenged the law in the High Court promptly once passed .
In May 2010 , Brazil launched TV Brasil Internacional , an international television station , initially broadcasting to 49 countries .
Monroe converted to Judaism with the marriage , which led Egypt to ban all of her films .
By yesterday , with only a few days left before the start of the 2012 Summer Paralympics , the Australian team had made themselves at home inside the Paralympic Village with uniquely Australian symbols including the emu and kangaroo .
May I also say that it 's way past time that California elected a female ?
Education is mainly offered in Bengali , but English is also widely taught and used .
Caitlin de Wit : I ran a little bit , and I rode horses .
A group , known as a pod , usually consists of ten to fifty animals , but on occasion , such as mass availability of food or during mating season , groups may encompass more than one thousand individuals .
He wrote it in nine months -LRB- completed in July 1737 -RRB- , but it was not published until 1738 .
A Justice Sector Peer-Assisted Learning -LRB- JUSTPAL -RRB- Network was launched in April 2011 by the Poverty Reduction and Economic Management -LRB- PREM -RRB- Department of the World Bank 's Europe and Central Asia -LRB- ECA -RRB- Region .
In July 1915 , a Central War Industries Committee was established under the chairmanship of a prominent Octobrist , Guchkov , and including ten workers ' representatives .
Regarding the force 's return to activity , Islam Shahwan , Hamas interior ministry spokesperson , said his office , in charge of the force 's operation , is acting to `` secure and fortify the home front and the agreements approved by resistance factions to realize our people 's interests , security and stability '' and said in addition , `` We will not allow anyone to break the truce .
Wilson comes to the Bears organization following a tumultuous final season of university football .
The Qomolangma Formation is broken up by several high-angle faults that terminate at the low angle normal fault , the Qomolangma Detachment .
The country also maintains contacts in Islamic politics and scholarship .
None of the federal loans had complaints about getting a loan .
With the competition scheduled to take place in May , the Matildas are looking to repeat their performance as AFC champions .
Other types of sugar include raw sugar , which is known for its amber color , as it is unprocessed .
Brown : It -LSB- China -RSB- has always stood by non interference of other counties in the internal affairs of sovereign states ; though , this position has changed over time since it was formulated on the back of China 's experience of colonisation in the early part of the twentieth-century .
The Onion article reports `` 77 percent of rural Caucasian voters '' saying they would prefer to drink beer with Ahmadinejad or attend a baseball game with him .
According to -LSB- the -RSB- UN Charter , use of force is permitted only in case of self-defense or UNSC 's -LSB- United Nations Security Council -RSB- approval .
Lately there has been an escalation in the tension between Hamas and Israel , expressed by Israeli attacks and in rocket shooting from Gaza .
Fisheries have , however , undergone significant changes since the 1950s and global catches can now be divided into three groups of which only two are observed in the Atlantic : fisheries in the Eastern Central and South-West Atlantic oscillate around a globally stable value , the rest of the Atlantic is in overall decline following historical peaks .
When the decision comes into effect , travelling between the islands will only be available through the use of ferry services .
Extensive human rights abuses still occur in several parts of Africa , often under the oversight of the state .
Other sports , such as rodeo , developed from practical skills such as those needed on working ranches and stations .
Another approach is embedded phonics instruction , used more often in whole language reading instruction , in which novice readers learn about the individual letters in words on a just-in-time , just-in-place basis that is tailored to meet each student 's reading and writing learning needs .
He later said the team has representatives from ten regions of the country , including the western Russian parts .
Without the institutions of the Roman empire that had supported its uniformity , medieval Latin lost its linguistic cohesion : for example , in classical Latin sum and eram are used as auxiliary verbs in the perfect and pluperfect passive , which are compound tenses .
Interventional radiologists can access areas in the body under imaging for an intervention or diagnostic sampling .
The Punk Blockers won 215 points to 127 .
The agency is cautious of witnesses of unmanned aerial vehicles flying over D.C. because of a drone sighting incident several weeks ago .
Nine other survivors were rescued by Greek and Maltese ships , but all the rest appear to have perished '' .
This approach , which is widely described in classical texts , is best suited for manual calculations .
Another reporter asked about Paralympic social media usage during the Games .
One of Australia 's bronze medals came in athletics ' F35 -- 36 shot put event .
Some stations are to be improved using PPPs .
Đuka had never received a formal education .
Although critical of Bauer , Marx was increasingly influenced by the ideas of the Young Hegelians Max Stirner and Ludwig Feuerbach , but eventually Marx and Engels abandoned Feuerbachian materialism as well .
Muslim militant group Islamic State have claimed responsibility for the attack , according to Twitter accounts known to be connected to the group .
Most insects , except some species of cave crickets , are able to perceive light and dark .
Until Scottish Labour holds a fresh leadership election -- its sixth in a span of eight years -- Kezia Dugdale , currently the party 's deputy leader , is to assume the role of acting leader for the time being .
Scores were tied at 46-all at three quarter time , but Germany 's Marina Mohnen , Gesche Schünemann and Mareike Adermann managed to build a six-point lead with less than four minutes to go , despite having no answer to the United States ' Rose Hollermann .
Russian authorities have detained four people on Wednesday on suspicion of vandalism , following an incident where the spire of the iconic Kotelnicheskaya Embankment Building in Moscow was painted in the colors of the Ukrainian flag .
Natalka Zubar of Ukraine announced the winners .
To maintain strength , Trevino told reporters , `` You 're looking at the clouds , you 're looking at whatever . ''
`` I do n't know if you 've ever seen a whale that 's been rotting on the beach for a couple of months -- actually sometimes you ca n't see it for the clouds of flies around it -- but you can smell it for about a mile '' , he added .
The hurricane , which is expected to hit late Sunday into Monday , could affect up to sixty million people .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- What were the roles of the people involved in the research ?
Efforts include federally reimbursed meal programs in schools , limiting direct junk food marketing to children , and decreasing access to sugar-sweetened beverages in schools .
For example , a group of English workers known as Luddites formed to protest against industrialisation and sometimes sabotaged factories .
It was also alleged that Mr Causevic had once spat on a police vehicle and waved an Islamic flag at officers .
In Norse mythology , a bloody , four-eyed dog called Garmr guards Helheim .
Five day experience with playing five games against the Japanese .
Even more troubling , though , is that by airbrushing her biography , Kahlo 's promoters have set her up for the inevitable fall so typical of women artists , that time when the contrarians will band together and take sport in shooting down her inflated image , and with it , her art . ''
They were led in scoring by Portuguese star Cristiano Ronaldo who scored a hat trick , with goals in the second , twenty-fourth , and eighty-seventh minutes .
If any single corps was attacked , the others could quickly spring into action and arrive to help .
If we adopt the fair tax , taxes will not be an issue .
The team defeated Bilbao based football club Athletic Bilbao 3 -- 1 to clinch the title .
This will never change .
Chemically , the group 3 elements , scandium , yttrium , lanthanum and actinium behave largely like the alkaline earth metals or , more generally , s block metals but have some of the physical properties of d block transition metals .
Additional video broadcast by Rossiya 24 , taken from a window , captured a parachuting suspect landing in a nearby playground .
Many Russians have relatives there and go there for vacations .
With less than a minute left in the half , Getafe spent a lot of time playing with the ball and almost had a shot clock violation , before turning the ball over .
Their ability to exploit resources may bring ants into conflict with humans , however , as they can damage crops and invade buildings .
Among other reforms , the emperor Diocletian -LRB- reigned 284 -- 305 -RRB- sought to renew the authority of Latin , and the Greek expression hē kratousa dialektos attests to the continuing status of Latin as `` the language of power . ''
With electricity ceasing to be a novelty and becoming a necessity of everyday life in the later half of the 20th century , it required particular attention by popular culture only when it stops flowing , an event that usually signals disaster .
A couple of rebounds by Cosier saw Ardossi take two more from the free throw line .
Both amateur and professional sports attract spectators , both in person at the sport venue , and through broadcast mediums including radio , television and internet broadcast .
Some are staple foods but most are accessory foodstuffs , adding variety to meals with their unique flavors and at the same time , adding nutrients necessary for health .
Stomata are absent from liverworts , but occur on the sporangia of mosses and hornworts , allowing gas exchange while controlling water loss .
Often , Armstrong re-composed pop-tunes he played , simply with variations that made them more compelling to jazz listeners of the era .
Already , Moscow has said it will not join a fight against any US military action .
In the 19th century warship propulsion changed from sail power to fossil fuel-powered steam engines .
Paul Feyerabend advanced the idea of epistemological anarchism , which holds that there are no useful and exception-free methodological rules governing the progress of science or the growth of knowledge and that the idea that science can or should operate according to universal and fixed rules are unrealistic , pernicious and detrimental to science itself .
The Iranian Oil Minister , Bijan Namdar Zangenah , doubts its future .
Of the many forces discussed in this paragraph , tidal force is still highly debated and defended as a possible principle driving force of plate tectonics .
Before the start of the trial , CCBD said if the trial proved successful , the ACT government could consider making the urinals a permanent fixture in the CBD .
Previously , the Bush administration had defended its use , claiming that the intelligence garnered helped stop terrorist plots and capture al-Qaeda leadership , including Osama bin Laden .
PT and OT have overlapping areas of expertise ; however , PT focuses on joint range of motion and strength by performing exercises and relearning functional tasks such as bed mobility , transferring , walking and other gross motor functions .
Spain , at 20.3 % , has one of the highest percentages of their population at reading proficiency level 1 .
This internal form of empire has been referred to as `` internal colonialism '' .
A small jet has crashed in Gaithersburg , Maryland near Montgomery County Airpark yesterday at about 10:45 a.m. local time -LRB- 1545 UTC -RRB- , causing a house fire .
-LSB- ... -RSB- People from Denmark move to Israel because they love Israel , because of Zionism .
MM : The main goal of the experiment was not to prove or disprove quantum friction but to develop a tool that might be useful to carry out these studies in the near future .
In principle , such methods may be applied to any system , given sufficient computer resources , and may address fundamental questions such as naked singularities .
Despite the circumstances , Dostoyevsky consoled the other prisoners , such as the Petrashevist Ivan Yastrzhembsky , who was surprised by Dostoyevsky 's kindness and eventually abandoned his decision to commit suicide .
A new government led by Ali Zeidan was sworn in in November 2012 but instability has continued in the country , with Ali Zeidan himself kidnapped by militiamen for a time in October of last year .
Traditionally , Confucius was thought to be the author or editor of the Five Classics which were the basic texts of Confucianism .
A few members of Team USA had difficulties , and were not able to start or finish their races .
Lindsay Sandiford , 56 , was found guilty of breaking the tough drug laws in place in Indonesia at the Denpasar district court yesterday , having being found with 10.6 lb of cocaine , worth about # 1.6 m , in the lining of her suitcase at Bali 's main airport in May last year .
In that regard , authorities around the Mediterranean have made it a point to extinguish rising man-made chaotic zones that would affect the economies , societies in neighboring coastal countries , let alone shipping routes .
Local newspaper al-Akhbar reported al-Murabitun , an Islamic extremist group , say they are behind the shooting .
Whether a solid is crystalline or amorphous depends on the material involved , and the conditions in which it was formed .
Batey presented 500 episodes of the TV programme , which tested married persons on their knowledge of their partners to see which which couple had the best knowledge of each other .
In a campaign to identify himself with African nationalism , starting on 1 June 1966 , Mobutu renamed the nation 's cities : Léopoldville became Kinshasa -LSB- the country was now Democratic Republic of The Congo -- Kinshasa -RSB- , Stanleyville became Kisangani , Elisabethville became Lubumbashi , and Coquilhatville became Mbandaka .
The breadth is caused by modifying the plan to have towers on either side .
Noosa went further ahead with the resulting penalty .
In July 2010 , following abnormally heavy monsoon rains , the Indus River rose above its banks and started flooding .
I guess it was all those anti-gay , anti-immigration , pro-Drug War , pro-military interventionists that were going to show up and protest me .
Turing 's conviction led to the removal of his security clearance and barred him from continuing with his cryptographic consultancy for the Government Communications Headquarters -LRB- GCHQ -RRB- , the British signals intelligence agency that had evolved from GC&CS in 1946 -LRB- though he kept his academic job -RRB- .
Uruguayan striker Suárez was fit to play this final after recovering from hamstring injury .
Incapable of competing with economically flourishing South Korea , the North relies on bolstering its nuclear arsenal and on military and political brinkmanship to make up ground .
The Eagle has landed '' .
German leader Angela Merkel stated she `` deeply appreciated '' meetings and conversations with Obama on issues including `` overcoming the global financial and economic crisis '' .
Chris Jeffries , landlord of the victim , was subsequently released from police custody and proved to be entirely innocent .
In the United States , about 3,000 adults die each year due to lung cancer from secondhand smoke exposure .
Nawaz Sharif , the prime minister of Pakistan , said BJP had won an `` impressive victory '' .
The Japan Kanji Aptitude Testing Foundation , which took over the BJT from JETRO in 2009 , announced in August 2010 that the test would be discontinued in 2011 due to financial pressures on the Foundation .
According to Seneca the Elder , Ovid tended to the emotional , not the argumentative pole of rhetoric .
It was first used on the 1922 British Mount Everest Expedition by George Finch and Geoffrey Bruce who climbed up to 7,800 m -LRB- 25,600 ft -RRB- at a spectacular speed of 1,000 vertical feet per hour -LRB- vf/h -RRB- .
Guinea pigs were first raised for food around 2500 B.C. and by 1500 B.C. had become the main source of meat for the Inca Empire .
Yamashita won all three finals against Saito .
It was among the instruments that the emperor Nero played .
Abram married Sarah -LRB- Sarai -RRB- , who was barren .
The concept may lead to splitting of existing species , for example of Bovidae , into many new ones .
Lemon juice and rind are used to make marmalade , lemon curd and lemon liqueur .
Thus , analytic and algebraic number theory can and do overlap : the former is defined by its methods , the latter by its objects of study .
London mayor Boris Johnson also expressed disapproval with the alleged actions of the police : `` I can not think of anything more despicable than the police attempting to smear Stephen Lawrence 's family .
The realisation of the definition of a unit is the procedure by which the definition may be used to establish the value and associated uncertainty of a quantity of the same kind as the unit .
Until valid evidence is made available -- proving who used chemical weapons -- affixing blame to either the government forces , or to one of the fractious rebel groups , is only a matter of speculation .
The pattern of segment fusion that forms chelicerates ' heads is unique among arthropods , and what would normally be the first head segment disappears at an early stage of development , so that chelicerates lack the antennae typical of most arthropods .
An early 1940s style known as `` jumping the blues '' or jump blues used small combos , uptempo music and blues chord progressions , drawing on boogie-woogie from the 1930s .
There was also no running water , and piles of human waste were a threat to the health of the workers .
The son of a stonemason , he received a technical education and became a military engineer .
In the absence of combat engineers , most tanks are limited to fording rivers .
An IOC report said Istanbul 's bid `` offers good potential '' while Madrid had `` a strong application '' and Tokyo had `` a very strong application . ''
Theirs was the only case heard in Department 9 that morning in recognition of Christmas .
The report noted relatively high numbers of women participating in Finnish politics , and credited the Council for Equality between Men and Women in Finland with progress .
Each car only travelled half the distance between the second and third levels and passengers were required to change lifts halfway by means of a short gangway .
With the demise of the short-lived Armenian-Azerbaijan-Georgia Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic , fighting broke out which only ended when the two nations were annexed by the expanding Soviet Union .
Madrid 's bid Chief Executive Victor Sánchez , quoted by Agence France-Presse , explained they avoided '' -LSB- p -RSB- rojects that have no real use for citizens after the Games have finished .
Strathclyde Police announced the launch of a murder inquiry into Cunningham 's death on February 14 .
The Olympic Movement encompasses a large number of national and international sporting organisations and federations , recognised media partners , as well as athletes , officials , judges , and every other person and institution that agrees to abide by the rules of the Olympic Charter .
Sinan would gradually change all this .
7.7 % were closed with non-monetary relief .
In 1943 Nkrumah met Trinidadian Marxist C.L.R. James , Russian expatriate Raya Dunayevskaya , and Chinese-American Grace Lee Boggs , all of whom were members of an American-based Trotskyist intellectual cohort .
The floor of the Caloris Basin is filled by a geologically distinct flat plain , broken up by ridges and fractures in a roughly polygonal pattern .
Following Oborne 's article , a spokesman for the Telegraph responded : `` Like any other business , we never comment on individual commercial relationships , but our policy is absolutely clear .
The Song worked for five years futilely attempting to restore the previous course -- using over 35,000 employees , 100,000 conscripts , and 220,000 tons of wood and bamboo in a single year -- before abandoning the project in 1041 .
The people that were supporting Richard Mourdock were supporting him because he was older and had more experience than I had .
In ovoviviparous fish the eggs develop inside the mother 's body after internal fertilization but receive little or no nourishment directly from the mother , depending instead on the yolk .
Due to the nature of electrons to obey the Pauli exclusion principle , in which no two electrons may be found in the same quantum state , bound electrons pair up with each other , with one member of each pair in a spin up state and the other in the opposite , spin down state .
Dr. Paul Dolman : In the UK there are six deer species , of which two are native -LRB- red and roe -RRB- and four are introduced -LRB- muntjac , sika , fallow and Chinese water deer -RRB- .
He opposed `` democracy , '' which at his time meant direct democracy , believing that majority rule posed a threat to individual liberty .
Other survivors have recently spoken out about the trial ; survivor Eva Pusztai-Fahidi said on Tuesday the trial itself against a former SS guard matters more than the end punishment .
Zhongzong tried to appoint his wife 's father as chancellor : after only six weeks on the throne , he was deposed by Empress Wu in favor of his younger brother , 12-year-old Emperor Ruizong .
Lester Shum , the vice secretary of the Hong Kong Federation of Students and one of the leaders of the movement , outlined his plans : `` Leung Chun-ying must step down .
To support Assad , is to counter US policy and influence ; which is precisely what Putin 's government seeks to accomplish .
Some species , such as the red imported fire ant -LRB- Solenopsis invicta -RRB- , are regarded as invasive species , establishing themselves in areas where they have been introduced accidentally .
They enjoyed enthusiastic support from Greek fans repeatedly shouting , `` Bravo ! ''
Much of this biomass occurs below ground in the root systems and as partially decomposed plant detritus .
Wambach became the first woman from the United States to win the award since Mia Hamm in 2002 .
Noosa had won both the Reserve grade and Under 19s Grand Finals against Maleny , 36 -- 11 and 22 -- 5 respectively .
The UN continues to deny any responsibility for the cholera outbreak and claims it is immune from further legal proceedings .
He retired from the presidency in 1797 , returning to his home and plantation at Mount Vernon .
On finding alternate means to dispose of the carcass , Wayne Ledwell , a member of Newfoundland 's Whale Release and Strandings , suggested the whale be towed out to a remote area .
The World Wide Web Consortium -LRB- W3C -RRB- was founded by Tim Berners-Lee after he left the European Organization for Nuclear Research -LRB- CERN -RRB- in October 1994 .
Labour 's Yvette Cooper is to formally announce a new policy today to protect 10,000 police officers ' jobs by eliminating elected Police and Crime Commissioners and gun licensing subsidy , and sharing of police back-office services and procurement .
What distinguishes the masseter is not anything special about the muscle itself , but its advantage in working against a much shorter lever arm than other muscles .
After the 15th century , the efforts of Jesuits and Western court missionaries resulted in some rudimentary Latin transcription systems , based on the Nanjing Mandarin dialect .
While the YMCA was responsible for initially developing and spreading the game , within a decade it discouraged the new sport , as rough play and rowdy crowds began to detract from the YMCA 's primary mission .
A Foreign Office spokesman said `` We are now aware of a specific and imminent threat to Westerners in Benghazi , and urge any British nationals who remain there against our advice to leave immediately '' .
Both spoke about Adams character and influence on the skateboarding and surfing communities .
Desiring personal and societal transformation , the Society gained 70 -- 80 members , many of whom would later join the Communist Party .
Coffee caffeine may aggravate pre-existing conditions such as migraines , arrhythmias , and cause sleep disturbances .
The last time a hurricane struck the Gulf coast was in 2008 .
This is used , for example in the United Nations and in the Olympic Charter .
Would that not move further away , rather than closer to , the boundary between the two ?
The traditional opening takes place in the Bavarian tent on the Bürgerweide behind the main station of Bremen with the tapping of the first keg by the incumbent Senator of the Interior of the Free Hansetown of Bremen .
Wikinews is a free service and it is funded by your generous donations .
According to the Mongol traditions , Timur could not claim the title of khan or rule the Mongol Empire because he was not a descendant of Genghis Khan .
Bands such as Green River , Soundgarden , the Melvins and Skin Yard pioneered the genre , with Mudhoney becoming the most successful by the end of the decade .
The first is a case of pinning down the sensory mechanism used by the bees to detect the fields , and the second will involve a great deal of field-based experiments .
Pilots were informed of certain exclusion zones , such as one containing the Preston Hollow home of former US President George W. Bush , and their flight plans factored in such information .
The generalized temperature is obtained by considering time ensembles instead of configuration-space ensembles given in statistical mechanics in the case of thermal and particle exchange between a small system of fermions -LRB- N even less than 10 -RRB- with a single/double-occupancy system .
The fire was reportedly the cause of the explosion , although this is yet to be confirmed .
After his meeting with the Israeli prime minister , Mr. Blatter held a press conference , in which he said Prime Minister Netanyahu was agreeable to a `` peace match '' , perhaps organized by FIFA , between the Israeli and Palestinian national teams .
Musicians like Cartola , Nelson Cavaquinho , Guilherme de Brito , Velha Guarda da Portela , Zé Keti , and Clementina de Jesus recorded their first albums during this time .
During the remainder of the summer , Stravinsky turned his attention to completing his first opera , The Nightingale -LRB- usually known by its French title Le Rossignol -RRB- , which he had begun in 1908 -LRB- that is , before his association with the Ballets Russes -RRB- .
Wikinews interviewed several specialists about the parade 's possible significance .
Also , the Secret Service conducted drone exercises to combat against possibly rogue light-weight aircraft last month .
It was turned by hand , and could also be used to transfer water from a low-lying body of water into irrigation canals .
Hence the parade is not only for displaying its military capabilities to its enemies but it is also playing a psychological game with its own people .
Gulf Air says it currently has no flights passing over Syrian airspace .
Some developed countries still condone capital punishment for criminal activity , but the normal punishment for a crime will be imprisonment , fines , state supervision -LRB- such as probation -RRB- , or community service .
`` We want to head up a campaign to keep anyone that is charged with murder on remand until proven innocent or guilty , '' Norrie Aitchison said .
The geographical area covered by urban Sydney is divided into 658 suburbs for addressing and postal purposes and is administered as 40 local government areas .
Such methods allow solving for the model-relevant `` structural coefficients '' , the estimated algebraic counterparts of the theory .
The belief in Iran -- that the US may not be willing to prevent Iran from possessing nuclear weapons -- could lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East .
Similar to a superfluid , a supersolid is able to move without friction but retains a rigid shape .
Individual binary digits may be extracted from individual hexadecimal digits , and octal digits can be extracted from one or two hexadecimal digits .
A Maroochydore try at 32 minutes suggested a fight back from three tries down but Toads would pile on four tries to one from there .
Viking Age inscriptions have also been discovered on the Manx runestones on the Isle of Man .
Of such forces Nietzsche said they could perhaps be viewed as a primitive form of the will .
Spacetime can be explored by following up on timelike and lightlike geodesics -- all possible ways that light and particles in free fall can travel .
The CBC indicated one of these projects was the borough 's new 15 million dollar sports complex .
The International Military Tribunal was opened on 19 November 1945 , in the Palace of Justice in Nuremberg .
In rural and small-town areas , women expanded their operation of vegetable gardens to include as much food production as possible .
A rosé wine incorporates some of the color from the grape skins , but not enough to qualify it as a red wine .
Flooding across England and Wales has led to thousands being without electricity .
One speaker , a schoolteacher , challenged the mainstream media 's acceptance of UKIP 's assertion the party is not racist , stating her primary school pupils were more-capable of identifying racism and would be pointing its presence out within UKIP were they present .
NASA and Roscosmos have chosen the crew for a year long stay at the International Space Station .
` Swiderski ' is also quoted by the Chicago , Illinois website as saying the Iranian President `` takes national defense seriously , and he 'd never let some gay protesters tell him how to run his country like Obama does . ''
A 50-foot-hole appeared in the M2 motorway in Kent which led to the closure of a ten mile section of the road .
MR : Military intervention , in the classic sense of putting troops on the ground , will definitely affect US-Russian long term political relationships .
Eurostat 's Eurobarometer opinion polls showed in 2005 that 52 % of EU citizens believed in a God , 27 % in `` some sort of spirit or life force '' , and 18 % had no form of belief .
At least ten attackers with knives , dressed in black , attacked a train station in Kunming , China yesterday .
In 1271 , Kublai renamed the new Mongol regime in China as the Yuan dynasty and sought to sinicize his image as Emperor of China to win the control of the Chinese people .
Several international figures have said they would support her presidential candidacy , including former UK prime minister Tony Blair , and Jordanian minister Nasser Judeh .
`` When they said he had a year to live -- and I always wanted to do this story about The Wrecking Crew -- my concern was , if I do n't do it , it 's going to be the biggest regret of my life '' .
By the time there was 2:09 left in the game , Hunt was trying to slow play down .
Apart from this land border , the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to its east , the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world .
With 5:17 left in the second , ONCE forced a turn over , and made a substitution with Spanish international Paul Zarzuela coming out .
Ryanair had told pilots anybody signing a `` so-called safety petition '' might be dismissed .
David Cameron said of Mitchell : `` He is owed an apology .
Egypt has closed the border for long periods , thus increasing pressure on the population in the Gaza Strip .
Testing for poor hearing is recommended for all newborns .
Previous cut off time was set at nine weeks .
The ancient Indians were generally unconcerned with chronologies , being more focused on philosophy .
Romanticism revered the traditionalism of rural life and recoiled against the upheavals caused by industrialization , urbanization and the wretchedness of the working classes .
The Alabama Supreme Court said that the pre-issued licenses were `` purported '' .
Clavius 's opinion was that the correction should take place in one move , and it was this advice which prevailed with Gregory .
While earlier Greek proofs were largely geometric demonstrations , the development of arithmetic and algebra by Islamic mathematicians allowed more general proofs that no longer depended on geometry .
Sheriff Laurie Smith then described an individual who is now in prison with a rape conviction for an event that would have been prevented if the detention request from ICE had been honored .
It was also the only Romance language to retain the Latin synthetic pluperfect tense : eu estivera -LRB- I had been -RRB- , eu vivera -LRB- I had lived -RRB- , vós vivêreis -LRB- you had lived -RRB- .
Numerous possibilities and discoveries are anticipated to emerge from new data from the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope over the upcoming decade and vastly revise or clarify existing models of the universe .
His acts were not known to wide public until the late 1980s , when his wife found documents in their attic and shared them with an historian .
He later instilled the concept in Mahatma Gandhi through his A Letter to a Hindu when young Gandhi corresponded with him seeking his advice .
The invasion of the lungs may lead to varying degrees of cell death .
But the plan was abandoned because it wrongly concluded that the waterway would require locks to operate .
How extensive any attack by the US on Syria will determine the full impact on US -- Russia relations .
While some Israelis avoid Jerusalem for its relative lack of development and religious and political tensions , the city has attracted Palestinians , offering more jobs and opportunity than any city in the West Bank or Gaza Strip .
New development includes several high-end residential developments .
After the altercation with Gauguin , Van Gogh returned to his room , where he was assaulted by voices and severed his left ear with a razor -LRB- either wholly or in part ; accounts differ -RRB- , causing severe bleeding .
At this scale , an error rate of 15 per cent would correspond to the admittance of several thousand travellers bearing fake passports '' .
In contrast , Sydney shot 54 % , 36/67 from field goal range .
An enzyme , carbonic anhydrase , located within the carboxysome releases CO2 from the dissolved hydrocarbonate ions -LRB- HCO −
Ginsburg is quoted by the Washington Post as saying of her officiating , `` I think it will be one more statement that people who love each other and want to live together should be able to enjoy the blessings and the strife in the marriage relationship -LSB- ... -RSB- It wo n't be long before there will be another '' .
Skull fractures that go through the part of the skull containing the ear structures -LRB- the temporal bone -RRB- can also cause damage to the middle ear .
Late Monday afternoon , debris was still scattered over much of the central portion of the town .
Organisms that have a wide range of tolerance are more widely distributed than organisms with a narrow range of tolerance .
They may put the civil union ban back in it , which then puts it on another two years .
On August 16 , the Merritts learned Judge Stoelker had represented defendants in this case on numerous occasions before he was appointed to the bench in December 2010 and had not disclosed this fact to the Merritts .
Thus , appealing to an entire class -LRB- the working class in this case -RRB- with a broad appeal to the class 's best material interest would be the best way to mobilise the broad mass of that class to make a revolution and change society .
And then I also served as a member of his professional staff , handling a number of different policy areas , including foreign policy and national security policy .
By the post-pandemic period critics claimed the WHO had exaggerated the danger , spreading `` fear and confusion '' rather than `` immediate information '' .
On lap 479 , Gordon passed Kenseth entering turns one and two , and led for the remainder of the race .
Despite this , it is not very abundant in Earth 's crust , making up only 19 parts per million of this , on par with niobium , gallium , and lithium .
Kvyat tweeted on Monday .
At any instant each batsman `` owns '' a particular wicket -LRB- usually the one closer to him -RRB- and , except when actually batting , is safe when he is in his ground .
More generally , I really appreciate their successful transition with the new Executive Director , who has been able to assume all of the responsibilities , including , crucially , their submission to the FDC -LSB- Funds Dissemination Committee -RSB- process like their proposal which was good as we have just learned this weekend when the FDC published its recommendations which are granting Wikimedia Argentina practically the budget that they requested .
At each corner of this square stands a gigantic pier , connected with immense arches each with 15 large windows and four circular ones , flooding the interior with light .
Earlier today , a protest with estimated 100,000 to 150,000 people participating promised to storm Government House of Thailand where Shinawatra 's office is located .
Tanaka said `` The situation at Fukushima is changing everyday ... The accident has yet to be settled down . ''
Part of the Dispatches series , the show reported on an incident in Spain last year where three Ryanair jets declared fuel emergencies after being diverted to Valencia .
The Israeli military claimed the stations were used by Hamas to convey its messages to the population in Gaza , including the denial of the Israeli military 's warnings to the people before bombings close to civilian homes .
Burbank : There is no such thing as a united Russian public .
Following the goal , Team USA took a timeout and made a goalkeeper change , with Steve Cash out and Jen Lee in .
Though Lynch and Capuano have expressed interest in the seat , Markey is thus far the only announced candidate .
MD : Well you will to talk to the Democrat Party about what they see as an opportunity .
However , it began to rise to reach 25 -- 32 million by 1800 , with around 10 million in the European provinces -LRB- primarily the Balkans -RRB- , 11 million in the Asiatic provinces and around 3 million in the African provinces .
Nets are usually placed behind the goal , but are not required by the Laws .
It has been argued that these later euphemisms are Eurocentric terms attributed to the region in the midst of various 19th-century Western encroachments .
Iran agreed on Monday to allow the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- increased access to nuclear facilities according to a government announcement on state television .
The longcase clock -LRB- also known as the grandfather clock -RRB- was created to house the pendulum and works by the English clockmaker William Clement in 1670 or 1671 .
-LRB- -LRB- Hill -RRB- -RRB- I would like to bring People from the heartland of America that make this nation work .
United States Secretary of State John Kerry urged the Hong Kong authorities to `` exercise restraint and respect for the protesters ' right to express their views peacefully '' and said Hong Kong needs to have the `` highest possible degree of autonomy '' .
The army units that were standing in front of the Republican Guard headquarters first started shooting teargas , then live ammunition above people 's heads -LSB- ... -RSB- I was taking cover with another guy behind some rubble and I felt something hit my head .
The number of Sumatran rhinos worldwide is now around 100 , according to Roth , who is the vice president of Conservation and Science and the director of Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife -LRB- CREW -RRB- at Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden in Ohio .
He became internationally recognisable for the striped jumper he wore while meeting with high level dignitaries , including kings and presidents , around the world .
Australia won 61 -- 48 .
Fencing at the London Games ends on Saturday , with medal bouts being held every day until then .
The massive work was arranged according to a `` tree of knowledge . ''
These differences in structure can produce differences in antibiotic susceptibility ; for instance , vancomycin can kill only gram-positive bacteria and is ineffective against gram-negative pathogens , such as Haemophilus influenzae or Pseudomonas aeruginosa .
According to police , the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges .
It can conceive of these syntheses only within a moving , dialectical totalisation , which is nothing else but history or -- from the strictly cultural point of view adopted here -- ` philosophy-becoming-the world ' . ''
The North Shore , an upper middle class area , has one of the highest property prices in Sydney with the recent property price inflation sending the average property prices in suburbs such as Roseville , Lindfield , Killara and Gordon over 2 million dollars .
The body of the former state man lay in state through yesterday .
Boxer Raymond Joval and field hockey midfielder Carole Thate were the first to receive the awards , in 1999 .
For best results , though , an inoculum of the correct strain of bacteria should be mixed with the soybean -LRB- or any legume -RRB- seed before planting .
The proposal `` was n't worth the ink it was written with '' , said a statement by Hamas 's military wing .
His Australian teammates , including Jessica Gallagher , Melissa Perrine , Toby Kane , and Cameron Rahles Rahbula , missed the Championships either because they needed a small break from this season 's competition schedule or to give themselves additional time to train for the Sochi Test event coming up next month .
He first met her through her work caring for his children by Madame de Montespan , noting the care she gave to his favorite , Louis Auguste , Duke of Maine .
Richard Feynman once said , `` I think I can safely say that nobody understands quantum mechanics . ''
His wide spectrum of experiences and education gave the `` Apostle to the Gentiles '' -LSB- Rom .
The demonstration worsened her illness , and on the night of July 12 , 1954 , Kahlo had high fever and was in extreme pain .
Trevino stated he did wonder to himself , `` Wow , should I just take off this jacket , and let it be over ? ''
Therefore , during a second pregnancy a woman would be described as gravida 2 , para 1 and upon live delivery as gravida 2 , para 2 .
By the eleventh century , some Hausa states -- such as Kano , jigawa , Katsina , and Gobir -- had developed into walled towns engaging in trade , servicing caravans , and the manufacture of goods .
In his capacity as princeps , selfishness and selflessness coexisted in his mind .
These three operas are considered to represent a significant developmental stage in Wagner 's musical and operatic maturity as regards thematic handling , portrayal of emotions and orchestration .
Should media coverage correlate to team performance and international rankings ?
In the end , convinced that the political risks outweighed the possible benefits , Eisenhower decided against the intervention .
Interestingly , a recent meta-analysis showed that coffee consumption was associated with a reduced risk of death in patients who have had a myocardial infarction .
The question to be presented at the ballot is : `` Should Scotland be an independent country ? ''
Various hard drugs -- including ketamine , ecstasy , and magic mushrooms -- were rendered legal , following the law governing their prohibition being found to be unconstitutional .
2.1 % were closed with relief and 12.1 % were closed without relief .
Last Saturday , Maria Lourdes Sereno was appointed as Chief Justice Supreme Court in the Philippines , becoming the first woman to hold the post .
One video posted to YouTube purportedly shows a young girl who survived the alleged attack , yelling `` I 'm alive , I 'm alive . ''
Tuesday , World Bank released the 2012 World Development Report on Gender Equality and Development .
Modern liberals claim that formal or official guarantees of individual rights are irrelevant when individuals lack the material means to benefit from those rights and call for a greater role for government in the administration of economic affairs .
I think there should be some punishment , but the punishment ought to be on the rapist and not attacking the child . ''
Hill served in Operation Desert Storm , flying about fifty combat missions .
The continuation of this trend was noted by Alan Stone : `` As academic psychology becomes more ` scientific ' and psychiatry more biological , psychoanalysis is being brushed aside . ''
Kandahar was the name given by Arab historians to the ancient Indian kingdom of Gandhara .
The solid wall , as used at the Pantheon , is lightened at St. Peter 's by Bramante piercing it with windows and encircling it with a peristyle .
The Pythagorean theorem can be generalized to inner product spaces , which are generalizations of the familiar 2-dimensional and 3-dimensional Euclidean spaces .
In the letter , Guevara reaffirmed his enduring solidarity with the Cuban Revolution but declared his intention to leave Cuba to fight for the revolutionary cause abroad .
China protested against the new tariffs on Thursday claiming that they make export of solar panels to the USA unprofitable .
This is considered to be a living fossil because it is virtually unchanged from the fossilised specimens found in Triassic deposits .
The single celled green alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii , while not an embryophyte itself , contains a green-pigmented chloroplast related to that of land plants , making it useful for study .
Casey Stoney , who was captain of the English women 's football team in the last Olympics told the Sunday Telegraph : `` Giving the job to a model has sent out completely the wrong message .
While the FNA referenced The Daily Telegraph and the order of the mistakes was changed from the original article , the wording was reproduced verbatim , excluding one omitted sentence under the subheading ` Nicky Campbell and hunting mark II ' which reads : `` Campbell , who is also the presenter of the BBC 's flagship programme for Holy Week , apologised profusely for the mistake . ''
Three Marked UN vehicles were damaged in the attack but no one was injured .
Prior to the murder , MacKinnon had stolen a meat cleaver from a boat he was working on and had been keeping it in his bedroom , the court was also told .
REFLECTIONS : A Series of Changing Displays of Contemporary Art , billed as a showcase of a `` diverse range of internationally-renowned contemporary and modern artists '' is to display major works from the Gallery 's permanent collection , alongside important loans .
Obama 's campaign succeeded in gaining the vote in the battleground states of Ohio , Iowa , Colorado , and New Hampshire .
However , this does not mean that our current international law is devoid of any shortcomings .
Cultural studies is concerned with the meaning and practices of everyday life .
The event features brand new attractions including a high dive show , a wolf pack exhibit and an Old West exhibit .
Jim Yong Kim was elected on 27 April 2012 .
About 6 miles -LRB- 10 kilometers -RRB- below the surface , under incredible temperatures and pressures , the water carries high concentrations of carbon dioxide , silica , and gold .
Without a clear sense of purpose , it has seemed to care only about holding office instead of creating new ideas for a better society .
And I 'm bitterly angry that my family is blocking the family members who left from seeing him , and saying their good-byes . ''
Papyrus became difficult to obtain due to lack of contact with Egypt , and parchment , which had been used for centuries , became the main writing material .
But it does not seem to be a clear-cut legal case for intervention and everyone understands that this is Russia smarting over the loss of an ally in Yanukovich and guarding its own back yard interests .
Cauchon owed his appointment to his partisan support of the English Crown , which financed the trial .
Locke accompanied William of Orange 's wife back to England in 1688 .
AIDS and some types of cancer cause acquired immunodeficiency .
According to one estimate more than 4,050 cities were captured during these military conquests .
It is a matter of huge regret that Peter Oborne , for nearly five years a contributor to the Telegraph , should have launched such an astonishing and unfounded attack , full of inaccuracy and innuendo , on his own paper . ''
Professor Vences proposed me to associate our complementary fields of expertise : he is expert in herpetology for Madagascar , and I am expert in skinks lizards -LRB- family Scincidae -RRB- .
But what I did n't anticipate at the time was that everybody under the sun would retweet that tweet and I would start to trend nationally .
Rudaw reported from within Kurdistan that the local political parties have put aside their differences and are recruiting volunteers to send to the front .
Another tribute came from former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords .
-LRB- In isogamous species , the two gametes will not be defined as either sperm or ovum . -RRB-
The mayor told media , `` I can not have any more deaths on my conscience because we did not take action '' .
Another sherpa helped him get off the mountain safely and gave him some spare gear .
This sounds counterintuitive , but it is the law . ''
Induction of neural tissues causes formation of neural precursor cells , called neuroblasts .
In this case , the draped canopy is of bronze , and all the details , including the olive leaves , bees , and the portrait heads of Urban 's niece in childbirth and her newborn son , are picked out in gold leaf .
If this is much larger than the Tolman -- Oppenheimer -- Volkoff limit -LRB- that is , the maximum mass a neutron star can have before it collapses -RRB- then the object can not be a neutron star and is generally expected to be a black hole .
The Peshmerga were supported this weekend by US airstrikes in their attempt to push back the Sunni insurgents , and Kurdish officials reported `` good progress '' in the face of `` fierce resistance '' .
A Scottish university is investigating after several dozen members of its football club reportedly used blackface as part of costuming for a social event yesterday .
Given the lengths of the sides of any cyclic quadrilateral , Brahmagupta gave an approximate and an exact formula for the figure 's area ,
It has been speculated that some features that distinguish poetry from prose , such as meter , alliteration and kennings , once served as memory aids for bards who recited traditional tales .
He intended to use this invasion force to strike at England .
Last year , the ruling Ennahda party agreed to step down after their political opponents said their government had not done enough to seek justice for the assassination of opposition politicians by Islamist militants .
Spain finishes near the bottom of surveyed countries based on reading skills required at work .
The converse can also be proven without assuming the Pythagorean theorem .
Based on primary accounts and on what one would expect from the geographic positions of the islands given Columbus 's course , the prime candidates are San Salvador Island -LRB- so named in 1925 on the theory that it was Columbus 's San Salvador -RRB- , Samana Cay , and Plana Cays .
The inclination of the roof can not exceed 40 % , allowing the snow to stay on top , thereby functioning as insulation from the cold .
Certain demographic changes in the developing world after active economic liberalization and international integration resulted in rising general welfare and , hence , reduced inequality .
Other aspects of archaeal biochemistry are unique , such as their reliance on ether lipids in their cell membranes , including archaeols .
Charles kept the bulk of his troops several miles away from the river bank in hopes of concentrating them at the point where Napoleon decided to cross .
The medieval Caliphate later built tar-paved roads .
Peaquonnock-based coach Simon is a B3-classified competitor who competes for the Kokushikai club in the United States .
Grieve then stated '' -LSB- a -RSB- ny such perception would be seriously damaging to his role as future Monarch , because if he forfeits his position of political neutrality as heir to the Throne , he can not easily recover it when he is King '' .
While not commonly observed in the US , parades like this are not atypical for East Asia , particularly in conjunction with significant anniversaries .
She told dad that she wanted a boyfriend for her birthday , and so I went out and got a little stuffed animal of the good guy from Frozen -LSB- a film -RSB- , which I said you can take to bed with you every night and cuddle with .
A Joint Statement by the United Nations Working Group on discrimination against women in law and in practice states that `` Adultery as a criminal offence violates women 's human rights '' .
The Pioneer missions obtained the first close-up images of Jupiter 's atmosphere and several of its moons .
These developments come just days after the Indian Navy launched the nation 's first Indian-built aircraft carrier , INS Vikrant , which the navy calls their `` crowning glory '' .
HIV and Hepatitis C are blood-borne viruses that spread by way of bodily fluids and bloodstream injections , especially when more than one person is using the same needle .
According to the US Department of State there were no injuries to consulate personnel .
Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .
With the 2014 Winter Paralympics set for March , Wikinews sought comment from U.S. Representative Jackie Speier , who serves California 's 14th congressional district about the event and how current U.S. policies impact people with disabilities .
I 've not seen extra adjectives in genus names , before .
Indeed , he had spent lavishly to build the new capital of Mexico City on the ruins of the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlán , leveled during the siege that brought down the Aztec empire .
According to political scientist Peter Ubertaccio of Stonehill College , that may discourage prominent Democrats thinking about entering the race .
The Korean Central News Agency were likening Abe to Hitler .
While some examples of earlier prose strike modern readers as poetic , prose poetry is commonly regarded as having originated in 19th-century France , where its practitioners included Aloysius Bertrand , Charles Baudelaire , Arthur Rimbaud and Stéphane Mallarmé .
With Democratic Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts 's nomination and likely approval as U.S. President Barack Obama 's choice to replace the retiring Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Kerry 's Senate seat is expected soon to be vacated , making necessary a special election to choose a new Senator .
Injuries , which resulted in Williams being unable to participate fully in the NFL Combine , likely were reasons why he was not selected higher .
In those with mental health problems a number of treatments may reduce the risk of suicide .
Thus , while the sum of the rest masses of the particles is not conserved in radioactive decay , the system mass and system invariant mass -LRB- and also the system total energy -RRB- is conserved throughout any decay process .
One of the main drives in present quantum technology is to create what is called mesoscopic or macroscopic quantum states , that is quantum states that can be see in a microscope .
They were launched to help religious minorities who are trapped on a mountain without food and water that are `` facing almost certain death , '' according to Obama .
Cotton strippers are used in regions where it is too windy to grow picker varieties of cotton , and usually after application of a chemical defoliant or the natural defoliation that occurs after a freeze .
Lü Buwei 's machinations later helped Yiren become King Zhuangxiang of Qin in 250 BC .
A review in 1989 found that in developed countries women of a high social class were less likely to be obese .
In 1963 , Sulzberger became publisher of The New York Times and chairman and chief executive of The New York Times Company .
Silver is used as a currency by many individuals , and is legal tender in the US state of Utah .
Sanskrit , as the learned language of Ancient India , thus existed alongside the vernacular Prakrits , which were Middle Indo-Aryan languages .
Rock , mostly the heavy metal genre , has been criticized by some Christian leaders , who have condemned it as immoral , anti-Christian and even demonic .
The umpire cautioned him at one point but never produced any coloured cards .
Robert Sarvis : I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
The Spanish Benevolent Society announced on Tuesday a DVD edition of the film Little Spain , directed by Artur Balder , is now available on their official website .
The symptoms of micronutrient deficiencies depend on the micronutrient that is lacking .
The nation 's sex offenders were , until recently , usually all held at Peterhead .
Dugald Clerk developed the first two cycle engine in 1879 .
He has in the past faced several allegations against him , including embezzlement , fraud , and bribery .
Russian Esperanto writer Nikolai Nekrasov was arrested during the Stalinist repressions of the late 1930s , accused of being `` an organizer and leader of a fascist , espionage , terrorist organization of Esperantists '' , and executed on 4 October 1938 .
The Pentagon Press Secretary , US Navy Rear Admiral John Kirby , said , `` There are a number of casualties as a result of the shooting , perhaps up to 15 , to include some Americans '' .
I could mount an argument to take the tax off old people 's clothes , I could mount an argument for a whole lot of things .
Scottish Liberal Democrats leader Willie Rennie said : `` Credit to -LSB- Murphy -RSB- .
The top , one-digit diagnostic level includes 14 headache groups .
Even a very small lexicon is theoretically capable of producing an infinite number of sentences .
The funding was part of a US$ 530 million -LRB- NZ$ 635 million -RRB- package announced at yesterday 's Pacific Energy Summit in Auckland involving New Zealand and the European Union , Australia , the Asian Development Bank , the European Investment Bank , the Japan International Cooperation Agency , the World Bank Group , and the United Arab Emirates .
Alphabetic writing emerged in Egypt .
Sinan , concerned with grandeur , built a mosque in one of his most imaginative designs , using new support systems and lateral spaces to increase the area available for windows .
The Nahuatl language is today spoken by 1.5 million people , mostly in mountainous areas in the states of central Mexico .
In 1806 he started teaching a fighting art in the city of Shuri that he called `` Tudi Sakukawa , '' which meant `` Sakukawa of China Hand . ''
He said `` Adam died early this morning when their vehicle veered off the road after a tyre burst and hit a tree 20 km from Victoria Falls .
The museum is about 8.7 kilometres -LRB- 5.4 miles -RRB- from Page where the dinosaur was recovered .
Canberra 's next leading scorers were Michelle Cosier with 9 and Nicole Hunt with 6 .
Measurements of economic globalization typically focus on variables such as trade , Foreign Direct Investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- , Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- , portfolio investment , and income .
They claim the prosecution is politically motivated to prevent her from conducting sociological research .
On 15 March they started the descent of the falls , which took five months and cost numerous lives .
Communism was seen as a rival of and a threat to western capitalism for most of the 20th century .
The United States ' Gail Gaeng was named the player of the match .
Just a glass was broken .
Unlike utilitarianism , which views pleasure as a moral good , `` the basic goods in Mohist consequentialist thinking are ... order , material wealth , and increase in population '' .
（ 五德終始說 ） Zhao Zheng 's birth element is water , which is connected with the colour black .
The Reformation also damaged the Holy Roman Emperor 's influence , as German princes became divided between Protestant and Roman Catholic faiths .
Most of the water is then transported to lower elevations by river systems and usually returned to the oceans or deposited into lakes .
According to another study , when measured in a different solution , the DNA chain measured 22 to 26 ångströms wide -LRB- 2.2 to 2.6 nanometres -RRB- , and one nucleotide unit measured 3.3 Å -LRB- 0.33 nm -RRB- long .
Safarov was found guilty of the 2004 murder of Armenian officer Gurgen Margaryan in Budapest , when both Safarov and Margaryan were attending a NATO Partnership for Peace programme .
Non-specific defenses include the skin and scales , as well as the mucus layer secreted by the epidermis that traps and inhibits the growth of microorganisms .
Dr. David Lakey , Commissioner of the state 's public health agency said in a recorded video statement , `` This event right now is going to be contained .
No other vehicles are thought to have been involved ; the Northern Constabulary has not yet said if it is looking for any other persons in relation to the fatality .
Police had been seeking a bone ossification test , suspecting that he is older than 17 ; however , the board rejected it stating that it would not be necessary .
In Hinduism , Truth is defined as `` unchangeable '' , `` that which has no distortion '' , `` that which is beyond distinctions of time , space , and person '' , `` that which pervades the universe in all its constancy '' .
From 2006 -- 9 services accounted for 87 % of female and 56 % of male employment .
Support for same-sex marriage however still remains widespread .
We are just looking at this man who is saying ` I 'm not going anywhere ' . ''
This was the first republic established under Marxist-Leninist ideology .
The incident was reported to the BBC on Monday .
The artist took the title from Nicki Minaj who had 19.6 million views for Anaconda in August 2014 .
It was reported that if there are no cases of wild polio in the country for two more years , it would be declared as a polio-free country .
Joyce returned to Dublin in mid-1909 with George , to visit his father and work on getting Dubliners published .
Another Sufi-oriented journal was published in Egypt between 1931 and 1934 .
`` They should n't have to apply for residency , '' said Santiago Canton of the Robert F Kennedy Center for Human Rights in a Guardian interview .
On Friday , the crossing closed again , and then opened Saturday for food and medical supplies to be transported into Gaza .
Rudd now supports same-sex marriage .
In the mid-1930s , Benny Goodman hired pianist Teddy Wilson , vibraphonist Lionel Hampton and guitarist Charlie Christian to join small groups .
Multiple earthquakes over the Easter weekend around El Hierro Island , one of the Canary Islands , have raised some parts of the island by as much as 11 centimetres -LRB- 4.3 inches -RRB- .
This fluid , which has a high electrical conductivity , is sometimes called a water -- ammonia ocean .
Many Christian rock performers have ties to the contemporary Christian music scene , while other bands and artists are closely linked to independent music .
Most plastic lenses give more protection than glass lenses , because , as noted above , glass is transparent to UVA and the common acrylic plastic used for lenses is less so .
Governor Yehya Keshk has also said thirteen children were injured in the crash near the city of Manfalut , approximately 230 miles or 350 kilometres south of the Egyptian capital , Cairo .
The race was primarily dominated by championship contenders Jimmie Johnson and Matt Kenseth , who led 123 and 202 laps , respectively .
French President Francois Hollande paid tribute to the victims .
Palestinians are attracted to the access to jobs , healthcare , social security , other benefits , and quality of life Israel provides to Jerusalem residents .
The monosaccharide units can then enter into monosaccharide catabolism .
When fluid builds up in the pericardium this is called pericardial effusion , which when it causes acute heart failure is called cardiac tamponade .
When only 16 to 24 year-olds are included , Spain 's overall relative performance increases by two spots , as a result of beating out Italy and the United States .
The jury mentioned the film was perfectly casted .
Armstrong 's marriages never produced any offspring , though he loved children .
David Cameron , the British prime minister , paid tribute to Mandela : `` A great light has gone out in the world .
Yesterday in London , former UK Prime Minister Sir John Major gave a speech at the Institute of Directors outlining his opposition to plans for Scottish independence .
Greene joined the Army as an officer in 1980 after graduating from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
`` Today I received more support in the executive vote than I did from members of the executive when I stood for election five months ago '' , Murphy said .
Sunni Muslims also go by the name Ahl as-Sunnah which means `` people of the tradition -LSB- of Muhammad -RSB- '' .
Connections are formed with two types of joints : slip-critical connections and bearing connections .
Outgassing and volcanic activity produced the primordial atmosphere .
In recent weeks the military has encouraged the formation of vigilante groups to help locate and arrest members of Boko Haram .
Given some turned up as Wikimedians were packing up on the last day , some still lack freely-licensed photographs for their Wikipedia entries .
After the Egyptian Revolution of 1919 the square became widely known as Tahrir -LRB- Liberation -RRB- Square , though it was not officially renamed as such until after the 1952 Revolution which eliminated the monarchy .
Roflumilast and cilomilast may be associated with side effects such as gastrointestinal issues and weight loss .
The magnetic field at any given point is specified by both a direction and a magnitude -LRB- or strength -RRB- ; as such it is represented by a vector field .
As of 2015 , Picasso remained the top-ranked artist -LRB- based on sales of his works at auctions -RRB- according to the Art Market Trends report .
The boycott follows another event that took place on Monday where bottles of vodka were poured onto the streets of the city , as part of a protest by the President of United Restaurant and Tavern Owners Association , Paul Hurley .
When I found out about the news story , I reached out on my own to the bankruptcy trustee , and said , `` Hey , Tim gave me $ 10,000 dollars , I 'd like to return it , what do I need to do ? ''
Women such as Hatshepsut and Cleopatra VII even became pharaohs , while others wielded power as Divine Wives of Amun .
The Gas Safe Register has said dizziness , headaches , queasiness , lack of ability to breathe , fainting and losing consciousness are all symptoms of a person experiencing carbon monoxide poisoning .
Pilots must obtain a transponder code when flying under visual flight rules in this area .
A small rubble-pile asteroid would be harder to interact with and collect , as it can easily deform or break up when subject to external forces . ''
Owing to the close similarity between play and hunting , cats prefer to play with objects that resemble prey , such as small furry toys that move rapidly , but rapidly lose interest -LRB- they become habituated -RRB- in a toy they have played with before .
So Basketball Australia decided that they needed a full-time coach , which was a big investment for them , and they thought this was the next step for the Gliders .
However , his life was spared by Saladin , who said of Raynald , '' -LSB- i -RSB- t is not the wont of kings , to kill kings ; but that man had transgressed all bounds , and therefore did I treat him thus . ''
The Lemmas may be based on an earlier work by Archimedes that is now lost .
Dan Munz , deputy assistant director for consumer engagement at the CFPB , tweeted , `` Boy , shutdown week has really created a sudden bumper crop of amateur federal management experts . ''
Typically , two-innings matches have at least six hours of playing time each day .
Mirror Group publish The Daily Mirror , its Sunday sister , and The People .
The attorney general already said the main justification for keeping the letters secret was they would hinder Charles 's ability to be a successful monarch . ''
The culture is expected to replace a manual treatment of the problem , involving a poison injection delivered by a diver to each starfish .
In these countries , words like dollar or pound `` were simply names for given weights of gold . ''
Japan banned possession of child pornography though a bill passed in the Upper House of Japanese Parliament yesterday .
The probes have to shut down for two weeks each month to survive the `` lunar night '' , during which surface temperature drops to -180 ° C or less .
In the 12th century , Ibn Bajjah observed `` two planets as black spots on the face of the Sun '' , which was later suggested as the transit of Mercury and/or Venus by the Maragha astronomer Qotb al-Din Shirazi in the 13th century .
She even introduced numerous revised written characters to the written language , which reverted to the originals after her death .
Asia was the birthplace of most of the world 's mainstream religions including Christianity , Islam , Judaism , Hinduism , Buddhism , Confucianism , Taoism -LRB- or Daoism -RRB- , Jainism , Sikhism , Zoroastranism , as well as many other religions .
I ca n't wait to get started . ''
This resulted in an aggressive military campaign known as the Pacification of Libya against natives in Libya , including mass killings , the use of concentration camps , and the forced starvation of thousands of people .
Vettel and Hamilton were not the only stars retiring early .
London , England -- Following the second full day of competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics , China leads the medal race with 13 gold medals and 34 medals in total .
But since Jain sources postdate Buddhist ones , it is difficult to distinguish between the nature of the early Jain school and elements derived from other schools .
This is reflected in the uses of the Italian word duomo , the German/Icelandic/Danish word dom -LRB- `` cathedral '' -RRB- , and the English word dome as late as 1656 , when it meant a `` Town-House , Guild-Hall , State-House , and Meeting-House in a city . ''
He received no response until a year later , when the reply `` thats what happens to beasts !! ''
Coups clearly still play a major role in Thai mainstream politics . ''
There is little evidence as to why this association exists ; however it has been hypothesized that those who are predisposed to smoking are also predisposed to suicide , that smoking causes health problems which subsequently make people want to end their life , and that smoking affects brain chemistry causing a propensity for suicide .
It was not applied only to very large areas of land -- in the 17th century , references were made to the continents -LRB- or mainlands -RRB- of Isle of Man , Ireland and Wales and in 1745 to Sumatra .
Answers to these may require the construction of new ground - and space-based instruments , and possibly new developments in theoretical and experimental physics .
Another posted `` Been sitting here crying since I found out an hour ago .
This higher rate in maize was almost double those observed in other species such as wheat and soybean , indicating that large differences in photosynthesis exist among higher plants .
George Bhebhe , a friend of Adam , spoke to The Zimbabwean about the circumstances of the accident .
In recent works , adaptation energy is considered as an internal coordinate on the `` dominant path '' in the model of adaptation .
Myrvold notes that copies of the Guru Granth Sahib are not regarded as material objects , but as living subjects which are alive .
Later , the match was stopped again to address the tape on his feet .
He chose to build his own studio , situated on five acres of land off Sunset Boulevard , with production facilities of the highest order .
Reptiles are generally considered less intelligent than mammals and birds .
Canada has already recalled its ambassador to Russia .
The film also displays footage of the Santiago Apóstol festival , or St. James Day festival , which died out in the early 1990s as the remnants of the Hispanic community left that part of the city .
Medieval Britain was afflicted by 95 famines , and France suffered the effects of 75 or more in the same period .
In the case of mostly coal - or oil-based electricity supply , electric cars are disadvantageous compared to classic diesel cars with the greenhouse effect impact being up to two times larger .
Because `` Their economic value merely represents the power of one class to appropriate the earnings of another . ''
Islam was historically called Muhammadanism in Anglophone societies .
Circulation patterns are also affected by several other factors -- including climate , bathymetry , and water chemistry and temperature -- which are interactive and can induce precipitation of evaporites .
Late that month , government forces launched an offensive against protesters across the nation , resulting in around 100 deaths in the city of Hama and several dozen more in other parts of the country .
China also prefers not to be on its own in the Security Council ; so , if the Russians come down against a Libya-like resolution , -LSB- the -RSB- chances are that China will join them .
In this text it is stated that Akbar `` was a miraculous child '' and that he would not follow the previous `` violent ways '' of the Mughals .
In most ecosystems , the conditions vary during the day and from one season to the next .
The example below shows the amount of time required for a star of 20 M ☉ to consume all of its nuclear fuel .
Others have criticized the government 's actions .
The former president of South Africa , Nelson Mandela , died today at 95 .
An ion is a charged species , an atom or a molecule , that has lost or gained one or more electrons .
Many suffered execution , engendering a cult of martyrdom .
In this vein , phenomena controlled by any single henotheistic god differ widely among various Indo-European religions .
Because of money laundering and overtaxing , he attempted to limit abuses and sent imperial investigators to supervise the ortoq businesses .
I 'm going to take a film of you .
Another general feature of general relativity is the appearance of spacetime boundaries known as singularities .
He said the 31 members of the Ukrainian team want to compete .
Chinese attacks tended to still be from a single player .
Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said Paisley `` began as the militant '' but `` ended as the peacemaker '' .
It has been argued that this separation of races continues to exist de facto today .
British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said : `` Sickened by shooting at free speech event in Copenhagen .
While the passage of time may allow us to forgive whatever greater presence you may believe in for taking her away , the passage of time will not result in us forgetting the amazing person she was , her passion for our movement , or the brilliance she brought to her volunteer work . ''
Scholars in this interdisciplinary area are typically either psychologists or sociologists , though all social psychologists employ both the individual and the group as their units of analysis .
Anthony Gale , Adam Dickson , and Dominic Larocque led their team in scoring with two goals a piece .
Shunichi Tanaka , head of the Nuclear Regulation Authority , said `` We have no idea whether it 's actually 300 tons that leaked .
The collection was broken up and sold for a total of about # 9,000 .
In the late 1940s there was a revival of `` Dixieland '' music , harking back to the original contrapuntal New Orleans style .
In addition to addressing global challenges , the UN has sought to improve its accountability and democratic legitimacy by engaging more with civil society and fostering a global constituency .
In many countries , drug overdoses account for approximately 60 % of suicides among women and 30 % among men .
Its goal is to promote nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation and the strengthening of the disarmament regimes in respect to other weapons of mass destruction , chemical and biological weapons .
Standing in front of a long goal , they throw the ball at the opposition team 's net who in turn try to block it by listening to the ball , which contains a bell , and using their bodies to prevent the ball from going in .
According to a statement sent out by Rear Admiral John Kirby , the Pentagon 's press secretary , `` Two F/A -18 aircraft dropped 500-pound laser-guided bombs on a mobile artillery piece near Erbil .
In addition the 1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état by the Communists had overthrown a democratic government and British Foreign Minister Ernest Bevin reiterated that the best way to prevent another Czechoslovakia was to evolve a joint Western military strategy .
Wheelchairs used in competition are held in place using medal plates , with the fencer with shorter reach choosing the distance between the chairs .
Other countries with over 30 % representation include Rwanda , Argentina , Cuba , Finland , the Netherlands , and Sweden .
In this , he was influenced by the ideas of Florentine astronomer Toscanelli , who corresponded with Columbus before his death in 1482 and who also defended the feasibility of a westward route to Asia .
The surface temperature of Earth has been relatively constant through geologic time despite varying levels of incoming solar radiation -LRB- insolation -RRB- , indicating that a dynamic process governs Earth 's temperature via a combination of greenhouse gases and surface or atmospheric albedo .
It was also the age of influential thinkers like Mahavira -LRB- referred to as ` Nigantha Nataputta ' in Pali Canon -RRB- -RRB- , Pūraṇa Kassapa , Makkhali Gosāla , Ajita Kesakambalī , Pakudha Kaccāyana , and Sañjaya Belaṭṭhaputta , as recorded in Samaññaphala Sutta , whose viewpoints the Buddha most certainly must have been acquainted with .
From their essentially political position , they developed extreme doctrines that set them apart from both mainstream Sunni and Shia Muslims .
While the presence of the weaver ants on flowers deterred small floral visitors , large carpenter bees were unaffected by the presence of the ants .
The topic of abortion was brought up and discussed by Valenciano , but before Cañete had the chance to respond to her remarks , the debate televiser RTVE cut to commercial .
The term tends to be relevant only in archeological and anthropological studies , but it specifically means all material evidence which can be attributed to culture , past or present .
It was the seventh attempt to get the nine-year old Yuan Yuan pregnant in a three year period .
The major river flowing into the lake is the Ruzizi River , formed about 10,000 years ago , which enters the north of the lake from Lake Kivu .
At 2:30 left in the first , Valerio Corvino of Italy got 2 minutes in the penalty box for roughing .
Jennings also advised that providing intelligence via surveillance may be a way for Australia to help in a supporting role .
The last requirement of the military is for military performance assessment , and learning from it .
In 2004 , 24,222 metric tons -LRB- of 7,050,000 produced worldwide -RRB- were fair trade ; in 2005 , 33,991 metric tons out of 6,685,000 were fair trade , an increase from 0.34 % to 0.51 % .
Additionally , a cubic box surrounding the tower -LRB- 324 m x 125 m x 125 m -RRB- would contain 6,200 tons of air , weighing almost as much as the iron itself .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- issues advisories and names for tropical cyclones that approach the Philippines in the Northwestern Pacific to protect the life and property of its citizens .
He also wrote of the difficulties with trying to individually cover all eventualities with prescriptive legislation , saying `` A trial for a sexual offence will raise very different issues -- particularly of protecting victims -- from those that are raised by a tax fraud trial . ''
In the past similar group attacks have been fended off with the support of air power provided by the International Security Assistance Force , with minimal casualties to Afghan security forces .
Some pathways to reduce the carbon emissions of road vehicles considerably have been studied .
Twelve voted for Representative Daniel Webster , three voted for Representative Louis Gohmert , two voted for Representative Ted Yoho , and two for Representative Jim Jordan .
Predatory nematodes can be bred by soaking a specific recipe of leaves and other detritus in water , in a dark , cool place , and can even be purchased as an organic form of pest control .
However , the bird does face persecution and nest robbing by humans .
Roughly eight years , give or take .
However , she criticised the sentences given , saying `` they are getting off lightly -- life imprisonment should mean life .
The Bill would force a by-election if 10 % of voters signed a petition within eight weeks , but only if a Commons committee had decided the MP could be recalled .
In Great Britain , governmental approval of the Royal Society in the 17th century recognized a scientific community which exists to this day .
A variation of this type has the room covered by one dome and one semi-dome , with additional side chambers .
The show 's tower stands eight stories high , with performers attempting to dive into a pool just 9.5 feet deep .
Other energy units such as the electronvolt , food calorie or thermodynamic kcal -LRB- based on the temperature change of water in a heating process -RRB- , and BTU are used in specific areas of science and commerce .
Certain extended number systems , such as the hyperreal numbers , incorporate the ordinary -LRB- finite -RRB- numbers and infinite numbers of different sizes .
The Aztecs also admired the Mixtec codices , so some of them were made to order by Mixteca for the Aztecs .
Between two estimators of a given parameter , the one with lower mean squared error is said to be more efficient .
London , England -- Yesterday , with less than a day before the start of the 2012 Summer Paralympics , Paralympic cyclists spent time training at London 's Olympic Park Velodrome .
Peters finished the Super-G with a time of 1:18.95 in the men 's sitting group for a 22 place finish in a field of 25 skiers .
Each program has its own jury that consists of famous human rights activists , film producers , directors , critics , writers etc. .
The situation improves considerably during the Olympic Games and prime-time Olympic coverage comes close to equal coverage of both men 's and women 's sport .
During the match , Cima incurred a yellow card .
The United States Geological Survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the week prior .
-LRB- -LRB- WSS -RRB- -RRB- Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .
Debate has continued this week in the state about gun control as it relates to suicide .
Jerez de la Frontera native Alejandro Zarzuela made a pair of free throws shortly after that to bring the score to 32 -- 17 .
Diaz and Nichols were at a party the night before when the victim borrowed $ 100 from a girl there ; he only repaid half .
These complex phenomena have received growing attention since the 1970s for several reasons , including the availability of modern mathematical methods and computers , which enabled complex systems to be modeled in new ways .
This March , doctors fertilised one of these eggs , and placed the resulting embryo in Ms Sert 's functioning transplanted womb .
Prime Minister David Cameron previously said Johnson was a `` great striker you want on the pitch '' .
Despite some early battles between the two , Cortés allied himself with the long-time enemy of the Aztecs , the Confederacy of Tlaxcala , and arrived at the gates of Tenochtitlan on November 8 , 1519 .
Any definition must be general enough to both encompass all known life and any unknown life that may be different from life on Earth .
Swiss international Philipp Häfeli was double teamed , and fouled at 8:07 .
Unnatural causes of death include suicide and homicide .
With the departure of Dom Salvador to the United States , the band broke up , but at the beginning of the 1970s , some ex-members , including Luiz Carlos , José Carlos Barroso , and Oberdan joined Christovao Bastos , Jamil Joanes , Cláudio Stevenson and Lúcio da Silva to form Banda Black Rio .
The diplomatic and legal protection given by the international community , as well as economic support to weak governments and discouragement of secession , thus had the unintended effect of encouraging civil wars .
At least ten people , some children , were killed in the airstrikes including Jabari and an unnamed associate which some reports say was Jabari 's son .
Holloway , 51 , was in charge of Millwall for 62 games ; during his tenure they won only 14 times , losing 29 and drawing the remaining 19 .
Impressed by her success , Snively arranged a contract for Monroe with an acting agency in June 1946 .
Both the Australian teams went through the tournament undefeated .
Because the nature of the military has changed .
Between 1862 and 1867 , Liverpool held an annual Grand Olympic Festival .
A woman who is -LRB- or has been only -RRB- pregnant for the first time is referred to as a primigravida , and a woman in subsequent pregnancies as a multigravida or as multiparous .
Opening a trial anyway , the court also violated ecclesiastical law by denying Joan the right to a legal adviser .
Materials science is primarily concerned with the physical and chemical properties of solids .
A player given a yellow card is said to have been `` booked '' , the referee writing the player 's name in his official notebook .
The statement from Grieve asserts `` The Prince of Wales is party-political neutral '' and `` it is highly important that he is not considered by the public to favour one political party or another '' , but that if the letters were released there would be the risk he would be `` viewed by others as disagreeing with government policy '' and `` such perception would be seriously damaging to his role as future Monarch , because if he forfeits his position of political neutrality as heir to the Throne , he can not easily recover it when he is King . ''
The species are also sexually dimorphic , making morphological association of females with males a challenge .
Conceptually , `` mass '' -LRB- measured in kilograms -RRB- refers to an intrinsic property of an object , whereas `` weight '' -LRB- measured in newtons -RRB- measures an object 's resistance to deviating from its natural course of free fall , which can be influenced by the nearby gravitational field .
Roman Shirokov saw his penalty saved by Vukasin Poleksic and the score remained 0 -- 0 .
His face was badly scarred by the disease .
The genus of a newly formed cloud is determined mainly by air mass characteristics such as stability and moisture content .
Does the cultural heritage of male-driven narratives make one national team more inherently authentic than the other ?
An agreement made yesterday is expected to lead to those restrictions imposed in the last few months being lifted .
Roughly 300 protesters turned up yesterday for the return of Nigel Farage , leader of the UK Independence Party , to Edinburgh after last year 's disastrous attempt at a press conference in a pub at the foot of The Canongate .
Batsmen come in to bat in a batting order , decided by the team captain usually after consulting the team coach , though the captain is not bound to consult the coach .
As well as damaging the lungs , many viruses simultaneously affect other organs and thus disrupt other body functions .
-LSB- 3 -RSB- Because snakes can not bite or tear their food to pieces , they must swallow prey whole .
Yesterday , 1964 Summer Paralympic swimmer Trevor French died .
The first prearranged match race of two self-powered road vehicles over a prescribed route occurred at 4:30 A.M. on August 30 , 1867 , between Ashton-under-Lyne and Old Trafford , a distance of eight miles .
As for kanji for personal names , the circumstances are somewhat complicated .
The next day they filed a Verified Statement of Disqualification asking Stoekler to recuse himself .
Iron deficiency anemia in children under two years of age likely affects brain function acutely and probably also chronically .
Why not run for a lower office that you would be more likely to win and effect change ?
Water was drawn from the river by a series of purs , an animal-powered rope and bucket mechanism , into a large storage tank and raised to a large distribution tank .
hypnic headache : moderate-severe headache that starts a few hours after falling asleep and lasts 15 -- 30 minutes .
On March 16 , 1966 , he became the first American civilian to orbit Earth whilst onboard Gemini VIII with crewmate Davis R. Scott .
The conflict had been a legalistic feud between two related royal families , but Joan transformed it along religious lines and gave meaning to appeals such as that of squire Jean de Metz when he asked , `` Must the king be driven from the kingdom ; and are we to be English ? ''
However , the concepts of those keystone texts can not be equated with Taoism as a whole .
Tectonic plates are able to move because the Earth 's lithosphere has greater mechanical strength than the underlying asthenosphere .
Colin Macfarlane from the gay rights group Stonewall Scotland also welcomed the vote : `` This is a truly historic step forward .
Biodegradable plastics break down -LRB- degrade -RRB- upon exposure to sunlight -LRB- e.g. , ultra-violet radiation -RRB- , water or dampness , bacteria , enzymes , wind abrasion , and in some instances , rodent , pest , or insect attack are also included as forms of biodegradation or environmental degradation .
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics start on Thursday .
A team of researchers from Harvard University and the University of Illinois were able to create the tiny battery using 3D printing technology .
British and German standards define ultra high vacuum as pressures below 10 − 6 Pa -LRB- 10 − 8 Torr -RRB- .
His story was featured in the films Dogtown and Z-Boys and Lords of Dogtown and he was inducted into the skateboarding hall of fame in 2012 .
While football and soccer players deal with similar variations of field surface and stadium covering , the size and shape of their fields are much more standardized .
The murder rate in England and Wales has stabilised in the first half of the 2010s with a murder rate around 1 per 100,000 which is half the peak in 2002 and similar to the rate in the 1980s .
This controlled release of power -- the escapement -- marks the beginning of the true mechanical clock , which differed from the previously mentioned cogwheel clocks .
A player who both plays aggressively and can handle adversity is said to display kiai , or fighting spirit , in the game .
Senior Crown Prosecutor Peter Rose QC supported the decision made by Judge Pullen saying , `` Given the history of the prisoner Bayley , the only finding available to the court is that the prisoner represents a serious danger to the community '' .
ONCE got their own rebound and scored 2 points to bring the game to 60 -- 27 at the 2:15 mark .
Here is buried Isaac Newton , Knight , who by a strength of mind almost divine , and mathematical principles peculiarly his own , explored the course and figures of the planets , the paths of comets , the tides of the sea , the dissimilarities in rays of light , and , what no other scholar has previously imagined , the properties of the colours thus produced .
Their appeal was successful , and Proudfoot came away with her second consecutive Paralympic medal in the event .
One of the first of these Germanic law codes to be written was the Visigothic Code of Euric -LRB- 471 -RRB- .
The base of the North Col Formation is a regional low-angle normal fault called the `` Lhotse detachment '' .
This announcement follows a similar cancellation of a planned fuel duty rise in the Chancellor 's March Budget which would have come into force in September .
In the late 1990s and early 2000s , the economies of China and India have been growing rapidly , both with an average annual growth rate of more than 8 % .
She claimed that Kurosawa carried in his head all the information about all shots filmed , and if , in the editing room , he asked for a piece of film and she handed him the wrong one , he would immediately recognize the error , though she had taken detailed notes on each shot and he had not .
Kirby added , `` Many were seriously wounded .
Ironically , by today 's standard , Gauss 's own attempt is not acceptable , owing to implicit use of the Jordan curve theorem .
The PKK seeks to increase rights for Kurdish citizens and gain autonomy in the southeast of Turkey , which is a predominantly Kurdish area .
According to Jocelin of Brakelond , in 1198 during a fire at the abbey of St Edmundsbury -LRB- now Bury St Edmunds -RRB- , the monks ` ran to the clock ' to fetch water , indicating that their water clock had a reservoir large enough to help extinguish the occasional fire .
In the last match of day yesterday , Japan defeated France 65 -- 56 .
Where Hegel saw the `` spirit '' as driving history , Marx saw this as an unnecessary mystification , obscuring the reality of humanity and its physical actions shaping the world .
Conversely , the use of the verb forms of vos with the pronoun tú -LRB- tú pensás or tú pensái -RRB- is called `` verbal voseo '' .
In 2011 , a woman shot pepper spray at 20 people who were waiting to purchase the newest Xbox system .
The roof has partially collapsed .
Mario : I would like to add one more thing .
Mr Justice Spencer noted Dennehy held a `` strange fascination '' to the men in the case .
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
The FNA copied The Onion 's article verbatim and in its entirety , excluding part of a sentence saying Ahmadinejad was `` a man who has repeatedly denied the Holocaust and has had numerous political prisoners executed '' .
Lower Manhattan has been experiencing a baby boom , with the area south of Canal Street witnessing 1,086 births in 2010 , 12 % greater than 2009 and over twice the number born in 2001 .
Brian Tooke , a former nurse at the now closed De La Pole Hospital in Willerby , said : `` I was appalled when I heard it all -- they are vulnerable people and should be protected .
South Korea 's Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men 's sitting Super-G .
This circumstance , as shown in a recent central government report , is worsened by the fact that 37 % of the country 's tap water is being lost because of leaky pipes -LRB- sometimes resulting in contaminated water -RRB- , fraud and illegal access , and by the country 's use of hydroelectric power as its main energy source .
`` Army heroes are entering the tunnels of the terrorists and saw chemical agents '' , said SANA , as quoted by Al-Alam News Network .
Despite appearances to the contrary , the Army of the Empire did not constitute a permanent standing army that was always at the ready to fight for the Empire .
E.g. , the unit of pressure is named after Blaise Pascal , so its symbol is written `` Pa '' , but the symbol for mole is written `` mol '' .
This will likely make the situation even more complex , however , as sufficient rainfall to supply tap water service to both metropolitan areas in the future is merely speculative .
I applied a couple of things the boys had n't actually seen , and as it turns out , I ended up coaching against the -LSB- Perth -RSB- Wheelcats in a competition round .
A simplified version of this is embodied in Einstein 's elevator experiment , illustrated in the figure on the right : for an observer in a small enclosed room , it is impossible to decide , by mapping the trajectory of bodies such as a dropped ball , whether the room is at rest in a gravitational field , or in free space aboard a rocket that is accelerating at a rate equal to that of the gravitational field .
Kotsonis : Yes , this seems to be the case .
Yinon 's girlfriend was playing in the orchestra when he collapsed .
The earliest evidence of chess is found in the nearby Sassanid Persia around 600 , where the game came to be known by the name chatrang .
The procedure occurred automatically due to the fact the French citizens died abroad .
Asia covers an area of 44,579,000 square kilometres -LRB- 17,212,000 sq mi -RRB- , about 30 % of Earth 's total land area and 8.7 % of the Earth 's total surface area .
One Bq is defined as one transformation -LRB- or decay or disintegration -RRB- per second .
The first four of these are classified as primary headaches , groups 5-12 as secondary headaches , cranial neuralgia , central and primary facial pain and other headaches for the last two groups .
The pianos were introduced to their product line in response to numerous requests in favor of it .
Another method is developmental robotics , which tracks changes and development within a single robot in the areas of problem-solving and other functions .
Ed Davis from the Boston police informed the media that persons wishing to contact persons at the scene should phone 617-635-4500 .
Authorities noted another vehicle parked in a no parking zone at the nearby Langevin Block with no rear license plate , and sent explosive detection robots to the area .
Some early spinning and weaving machinery , such as a 40 spindle jenny for about six pounds in 1792 , was affordable for cottagers .
After the B12-haptocorrin complexes pass from the stomach via the pylorus to the duodenum , pancreatic proteases cleave haptocorrin from the B12 molecules which rebind to intrinsic factor -LRB- IF -RRB- .
And so Senator Long has been elected by the Republican caucus to a position of great public trust -- to manage the institutional integrity of the senate .
Attempting to develop inventions he could patent and market , Tesla conducted a range of experiments with mechanical oscillators/generators , electrical discharge tubes , and early X-ray imaging .
Gauss was so pleased by this result that he requested that a regular heptadecagon be inscribed on his tombstone .
Techniques such as directed listening and thinking activities can be used to aid children in learning how to read and reading comprehension .
The police force say he `` had a dark brown beard , -LSB- and -RSB- wore a light grey hooded top with the hood pulled over his head , light blue jeans and black boot style training shoes . ''
Starting as a teenager , Geldof wrote for magazines and newspapers including Elle , the The Daily Telegraph and The Guardian , as well as presenting OMG !
While the adjacent image shows a traditional field surfacing arrangement -LRB- and the one used by virtually all MLB teams with naturally surfaced fields -RRB- , teams are free to decide what areas will be grassed or bare .
There are certain jobs that horses do very well , and no technology has yet developed to fully replace them .
Arithmetic is an elementary part of number theory , and number theory is considered to be one of the top-level divisions of modern mathematics , along with algebra , geometry , and analysis .
In water each of these essentially ionizes 100 % .
In 1997 , Sulzberger left the chief executive position and was succeeded by his son , Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , Jr. .
BBC Scotland reporter Laura Bicker reported witness accounts the vehicle `` careered out of control '' and the driver `` slumped over the wheel '' when the crash occurred .
However , Dante had gone too far in his violent letters to Arrigo -LRB- Henry VII -RRB- and his sentence was not revoked .
Our bees were able to pick the rewarded flower 80 % of the time when the electric field was present as a cue .
A prospective Emperor had first to be elected King of the Romans -LRB- Latin : Rex romanorum ; German : römischer König -RRB- .
No official cause of death has been announced .
Besides drastic changes to the social structure of Japan , in an attempt to create a strong centralized state defining its national identity , the government established a dominant national dialect , called `` standard language '' -LRB- 標準語 , hyōjungo -RRB- , that replaced local and regional dialects and was based on the patterns of Tokyo 's samurai classes .
In May 1876 , Cambridge University offered to grant honorary degrees of Doctor of Music to both Brahms and Joachim , provided that they composed new pieces as `` theses '' and were present in Cambridge to receive their degrees .
Only approximately 1 -- 5 % of people who seek emergency treatment for headaches have a serious underlying cause .
The top three teams then qualify for the World Championships , to be held in Canada next year .
`` We condemn the animal abuse we have seen in the footage and will -- as a matter of urgency -- work to review , retrain and reinforce our animal welfare standards throughout our organisation ''
The game remained a lifelong interest of Kubrick 's , appearing in many scenes of his films .
A penalty awarded to Caloundra was reversed as a result .
The most recent Winter Games were held in Sochi in 2014 , Russia 's first Winter Olympics and second Olympics overall .
According to the Marcan priority , the first to be written was the Gospel of Mark -LRB- written AD 60 -- 75 -RRB- , followed by the Gospel of Matthew -LRB- AD 65 -- 85 -RRB- , the Gospel of Luke -LRB- AD 65 -- 95 -RRB- , and the Gospel of John -LRB- AD 75 -- 100 -RRB- .
Powered aircraft typically uses an ICE which may be a reciprocating engine .
Thomas Mann wrote of Tolstoy 's seemingly guileless artistry : `` Seldom did art work so much like nature '' .
These tally marks may have been used for counting elapsed time , such as numbers of days , lunar cycles or keeping records of quantities , such as of animals .
Ghafoor played his entire career in Pakistan playing for the Dhaka Mohammedan Club .
Scottish footballer Dave Mackay died in an English hospital on Monday .
The rescued members included Bangladeshis and Rohingya , a stateless minority of Muslims from Myanmar .
The Tyler minister explained to Wikinews , he and several of his church members were distributing food and water to homeless citizens in downtown Tyler when they were accosted by members of the group .
Museum Mile is the name for a section of Fifth Avenue running from 82nd to 105th streets on the Upper East Side of Manhattan , in an area sometimes called Upper Carnegie Hill .
Mongooses , honey badgers , hedgehogs , and pigs all have modifications to the receptor pocket which prevents the snake venom α-neurotoxin from binding .
In 2010 , a fire broke out after an explosion in the battery compartment on the INS Sindhurakshak , killing a sailor .
as the same , leading to the one-point compactification of the real numbers , which is the real projective line .
So many played a part in its long and complicated development that it is not possible to name any individual as the sole inventor of the tank .
The prizes come in addition '' .
Toads scored one more try a minute from full time .
I have a Masters of Science in Environmental Science , focused on applied ecology .
Sudan ultimately withdrew its candidacy and President Denis Sassou-Nguesso of the Republic of the Congo was elected to a one-year term .
Onlookers stated it was unclear if the boat overturned or if the man simply fell from the boat .
A police log was later leaked to The Daily Telegraph which claimed Mitchell had told the officers to `` learn -LSB- their -RSB- fucking place '' and referred to them as `` fucking plebs '' .
Microsoft has officially responded to the notice and expressed their desire to continue providing assistance in reaching a solution .
Human language can be defined as a system of symbols -LRB- sometimes known as lexemes -RRB- and the grammars -LRB- rules -RRB- by which the symbols are manipulated .
This in turn can be made into a nisbah adjective ishtirākī ` socialist ' , from which an abstract noun ishtirākiyyah ` socialism ' can be derived .
The total number of ocean-going transits increased from 11,725 in 2003 to 13,233 in 2007 , falling to 12,855 in 2009 .
At present , Tony Abbott does not command a majority in the Senate , so a High Court challenge is an easier option than legislation .
Governments and central banks have taken both regulatory and free market approaches to monetary policy .
In 1991 responding to an influx of counterfeit fasteners Congress passed PL 101-592 `` Fastener Quality Act '' This resulted in the rewriting of specifications by the ASME B18 committee .
This rule dates back to the organization 's founding and no serious attempts have been made to change it since .
It was under this name that he published his first prints , a series of pictures of Kabuki actors published in 1779 .
So why does it seem Libertarians flock to the Republican Party ?
Anders Holmdahl originally pleaded not guilty during his first Magistrates court appearance in December 2011 regarding the August 21 , 2010 election .
Berke also forged an alliance with the Egyptian Mamluks against Hulagu and supported Kublai 's rival claimant , Ariqboke .
The meanings of `` Naqshbandi '' is to follow the pattern of head of the former .
Over half of the 67 total being built were in Asia , with 28 in China .
Inghams CEO Kevin McBain released a statement saying that an investigation had been launched into the `` intolerable incidents '' .
Building on the work of earlier Portuguese missionaries , the Dictionarium Anamiticum , Lusitanum et Latinum -LRB- Annamite -- Portuguese -- Latin dictionary -RRB- of Alexandre de Rhodes -LRB- 1651 -RRB- introduced the modern orthography of Vietnamese , which is based on the orthography of 17th-century Portuguese .
Usually , organometallic compounds are considered to contain the M-C-H group .
Neo-orthodoxy , in Europe also known as theology of crisis and dialectical theology , is an approach to theology in Protestantism that was developed in the aftermath of the First World War -LRB- 1914 -- 1918 -RRB- .
Diamonds are brought close to the Earth 's surface through deep volcanic eruptions by magma , which cools into igneous rocks known as kimberlites and lamproites .
The hope was to develop an experimental platform that would allow testing the boundary between classical and quantum physics .
Earthquakes may cause landslips to dam rivers , which collapse and cause floods .
Madrid held many other attractions .
Air is pumped into the space , displacing the water and allowing a dry work environment below the surface .
In 1758 , Washington participated in the Forbes Expedition to capture Fort Duquesne .
And Ellie Cole walked in and they announced : `` Ladies and gentlemen , this is Ellie Cole ! ''
In this model , atmospheric `` greenhouse gases '' kept the oceans from freezing when the newly forming Sun had only 70 % of its current luminosity .
Many desert animals -LRB- and plants -RRB- show especially clear evolutionary adaptations for water conservation or heat tolerance and so are often studied in comparative physiology , ecophysiology , and evolutionary physiology .
In the interwar period , nationalism grown stronger in the continent influenced by countries like Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy .
The following table shows the nutrient content of potato and other major staple foods , each in respective raw form .
Surrounding a nuclear weapon with suitable materials -LRB- such as cobalt or gold -RRB- creates a weapon known as a salted bomb .
Contemporary musicians may adjust their interpretation of historical compositions from the 1600s to the 1800s to account for sound quality differences between old and new instruments or to changing performance practice .
In recent years , overfishing has threatened the sturgeon population to the point that environmentalists advocate banning sturgeon fishing completely until the population recovers .
According to the journalistic association , Ariza `` sought directly to cause the greatest moral damages , based on the falsehood that the film and research on ` Little Spain ' did not exist . ''
For instance , the number 3 can be represented as the class of all sets that have exactly three elements .
His step-daughter Svetlana -LRB- daughter of Olgivanna -RRB- and her son Daniel died in an automobile accident in 1946 .
Forécariah has seen incidents like this before .
The umpires can also call an end to the match in case of bad light or weather .
In 2011 , Defense Minister Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg resigned after a similar case of plagiarism .
Yuriy Kolobov , the former finance minister of Ukraine has been arrested in Spain on charges of fraud and embezzlement .
Most cotton in the United States , Europe and Australia is harvested mechanically , either by a cotton picker , a machine that removes the cotton from the boll without damaging the cotton plant , or by a cotton stripper , which strips the entire boll off the plant .
The origin of a rational and inner-worldly ethic is associated in the Occident with the appearance of thinkers and prophets -LSB- ... -RSB- who developed in a social context that was alien to the Asiatic cultures .
This made many oil and gas companies to be based in Rio de Janeiro , such as the Brazilian branches of Shell , EBX and Esso .
It 's interesting because you guys really ... I was kind of surprised with the capturing of the whole flyer deal on the floor , which misled the convention to think that I had willingly dropped out of the race , and my strategy was to win it on the second ballot .
When I did that , I did that to satisfy inquiry from probably over half a dozen different media outlets that were going to ask me or had asked me what I was going to do .
And while the increase in extreme weather we have experienced in New York City and around the world may or may not be the result of it , the risk that it may be -- given the devastation it is wreaking -- should be enough to compel all elected leaders to take immediate action . ''
Boston Herald reporter and eyewitness Chris Cassidy said it appeared that the first of the two blasts originated from trash cans along the sidewalk which was heavily populated with marathon spectators .
He identified criteria such as significance , unexpectedness , inevitability , and economy as factors that contribute to a mathematical aesthetic .
The commissioner for the state 's department of health services is encouraging citizens to continue applying insect spray repellant while outdoors .
The variety lacunosus is caused by localized downdrafts that create circular holes in the form of a honeycomb or net .
Prior to his death in 644 , Umar had ceased all military expeditions apparently to consolidate his rule in recently conquered Roman Egypt and the newly conquered Sassanid Empire -LRB- 642 -- 644 -RRB- .
Wikinews was able to ask Mazilu some questions about his research .
While the Government collected Arabs in preparation for the deportation , two girls died , reportedly after fleeing Government forces , and three women suffered miscarriages .
Architect Louis Kahn 's acclaimed modernist National Capital Complex , based on the geography and heritage of Bengal , was inaugurated in Dhaka in 1982 as one of the largest legislative complexes in the world .
After moving the fight to the parking lot , Onwukaife is alleged to have shot the four victims .
Then , when the experience quiets down , the mind draws a bead on it and extracts concepts , notions , dogmas , so that religious experience can make sense to the mind .
MacAnthony also spoke about the club 's current performance .
Organized by The Libris Antique Books Association -LRB- -LRB- es -RRB- -RRB- Spanish language : La Asociación de Libreros de Viejo Libris in collaboration with the Madrid City Council , 39 book vendors are selling books at the fair from across various regions of the country including Madrid , Valencia and Zaragoza .
The triose phosphates not thus `` recycled '' often condense to form hexose phosphates , which ultimately yield sucrose , starch and cellulose .
It would be a democratic society , enfranchising the entire population .
From all causes , roughly 150,000 people die around the world each day .
According to the Oxford English Dictionary , this was in Geoffrey Chaucer 's The Hous of Fame , c. 1380 .
In connection with the foregoing , the Institute of Marine Sciences and Limnology of the National Autonomous University of Mexico , conducted a regional study , funded by the Department of Technical Cooperation of the International Atomic Energy Agency , in which specialists from 11 Latin American countries -LRB- Colombia , Costa Rica , Cuba , Guatemala , Haiti , Honduras , Mexico , Nicaragua , Panama , Dominican Republic , Venezuela plus Jamaica -RRB- participated .
Drag queen Rory O'Neill , publicly known as Panti Bliss , was among the crowd , and stated `` I am drunk on Yes -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's not that Ireland has changed today , but that Ireland has confirmed the change that we already knew had happened . ''
On that day reportedly thirteen people on a bus were killed and sixteen wounded when separatists struck the bus with a Grad missile launcher near a Ukrainian checkpoint .
A comprehensive study of civil war was carried out by a team from the World Bank in the early 21st century .
The Persian poet Rumi , who was born in present-day Afghanistan , has become one of the most widely read poets in the United States , thanks largely to the interpretative translations published by Coleman Barks .
Soon after his sister 's birth , Kubrick began schooling in Public School 3 in the Bronx , and moved to Public School 90 in June 1938 .
Races are won by riding the most laps .
Toads took the lead at 14 minutes through a penalty goal , extending it to 10 points with a converted try at half an hour .
Judge James A. Stoelker of Santa Clara County , California Superior Court was disqualified from hearing a case on predatory lending practices the day before Christmas , on a technicality .
Stravinsky proved adept at playing the part of a ` man of the world ' , acquiring a keen instinct for business matters and appearing relaxed and comfortable in public .
Coming in for the lion 's share of criticism , staff from CEC 's Licensing Board were visibly uncomfortable when the topic of the `` single complainant '' was brought up time and time again .
The mammary gland is thought to have derived from apocrine skin glands .
Pakistan arrested another 38 fishermen last month .
Earlier splits within the Church occurred after the Council of Ephesus -LRB- 431 -RRB- and the Council of Chalcedon -LRB- 451 -RRB- .
Five artists targeted by the anti-homophobia campaign did not sign up to the act , including Elephant Man , TOK , Bounty Killa and Vybz Kartel .
Reacting to the news , SNP leader and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon tweeted : `` I wish Jim Murphy all the very best for the future .
A statement issued by ZoomerMedia , owners of VisionTV , states they will not be making further comment until such time as they are able to speak to their attorneys , as there is now a threat of legal action .
Mouth diseases include tongue diseases and salivary gland diseases .
Some scholars believe that the copper-based metallurgy was disseminated from northwest and central China via south and southwest areas such as Guangdong province and Yunnan province and finally into southeast Asia around 1,000 BC .
In 140 BC , Hipparchus -LRB- from Nicaea , Asia Minor -RRB- gave the first tables of chords , analogous to modern tables of sine values , and used them to solve problems in trigonometry and spherical trigonometry .
It is feared that if the avian influenza virus combines with a human influenza virus -LRB- in a bird or a human -RRB- , the new subtype created could be both highly contagious and highly lethal in humans .
The state emergency service said because the bodies of the deceased `` sustained severe burns '' , they have not been identified .
On Sunday , at Camp Nou Stadium in Barcelona , Spain , F.C. Barcelona won the Copa del Rey -LRB- -LRB- en -RRB- -RRB- Spanish language : King 's Cup .
Farhi : It is less about trust and more about protection of geopolitical interests and prevention of even more dire consequences if Assad goes .
Among those killed in were Rosenberg , president and CEO of clinical research firm Health Decisions ; 36-year-old Marie Gemmell ; and her two sons , Cole and Devon .
Some theoretical predictions suggest that quantum friction effects might be enhanced in this case .
It 's partly because Russia is bigger and better equipped , partly because Russia has bases in Ukraine , and partly because Russia is relatively united .
How these boys spoke of the impact on their lives .
The UK Goverment said the move was prompted by the increasing fighting in Tripoli and throughout the country , which started in the wake of the death of former Libyan leader Colonel Gaddafi in October 2011 but has worsened recently .
The sequences sometimes did not represent diphthongs .
Cornwall Fire and Rescue Service -LRB- CFRS -RRB- were alerted to the incident in Tremarle Home Park in the town of Camborne at 12:56 UTC on Saturday .
The term is also commonly extended in modern English and other vernaculars to the inhabitants of Viking home communities during what has become known as the Viking Age .
Earlier today , the Australian women 's semi-professional basketball team Canberra Capitals announced a formal transfer of the club to University of Canberra .
As well , even tanks with advanced armour plating can have their tracks damaged by RPGs , which may render them immobile .
His wife asked that she be allowed to inform her family before the news was released .
However , these `` currencies '' generally differed in important ways from the standardized government-backed and - controlled money familiar to industrial societies .
In modern times these commonly include some JavaScript to be run in the web browser as well , in which case they typically run partly on the server , partly in the web browser .
Putin thrives politically on autarky and it may be treated as an attack on Russian prestige .
She is in custody pending indictment and trial , but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published .
In most constellations the brightest star is designated Alpha and the next brightest Beta etc. .
The first nominee of the Party was John Hospers , who died last year , and he was a supporter of Republican President George W. Bush .
So things have changed .
The man 's condition on Wednesday was listed as serious .
Marx 's view of history , which came to be called historical materialism -LRB- controversially adapted as the philosophy of dialectical materialism by Engels and Lenin -RRB- certainly shows the influence of Hegel 's claim that one should view reality -LRB- and history -RRB- dialectically .
Congress was not in session during the attack but are returning from recess tomorrow .
Sergeant Jo McPherson of Police Scotland said of the area in which the accident occurred : `` Despite it being in the early hours of the morning this route can often be busy with taxis and cars as people make their way out of the city centre . ''
In addition , there exists a hierarchy of stress level in the three fault types .
The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters awarded Belgian mathematician Pierre Deligne with Abel prize of 2013 for his contributions toward shaping algebraic geometry .
The number of speakers grew rapidly over the next few decades , at first primarily in the Russian Empire and Central Europe , then in other parts of Europe , the Americas , China , and Japan .
`` I think we both were kind of feeling that we 'd almost come to the end .
The court was told of how Aitchison and Millar were listening to music and drinking alongside MacKinnon in his residence on November 22 , 2011 .
Days before , a campaign had been launched by the DRC to enforce wearing lifejackets aboard all vessels in the nation 's waterways .
This new flight plan , described as `` a fast track to the International Space Station '' by NASA spokesman Josh Byerly , had been tested successfully prior to Thursday 's launch by three unmanned Progress cargo ships delivering supplies to the station .
Park Jae-Sang , Psy 's actual name , said `` Gangnam Style '' `` never targeted foreign countries .
I am going to ride my bike as much as possible to highlight the need to drastically cut our dependence on fossil fuels and to transition to clean , renewable , and sustainable forms of energy -- also to highlight the need for cheap and comprehensive public transportation and infrastructure improvement .
Despite a lack of unequivocally volcanic characteristics , the localisation and rounded , lobate shape of these plains strongly support volcanic origins .
The last public statement B.B King made , according to The Sydney Morning Herald , was early this month .
Cirrus fibratus comprise filaments that may be straight , wavy , or occasionally twisted by non-convective wind shear .
Louis was able to capitalize on the widespread public yearning for law and order , that resulted from prolonged foreign wars and domestic civil strife , to further consolidate central political authority and reform at the expense of the feudal aristocracy .
Karl Blodig -LRB- 1859 -- 1956 -RRB- was among the first to successfully climb all the major 4,000 m peaks .
The empire in the East -- often known as the Byzantine Empire , but referred to in its time as the Roman Empire or by various other names -- had a different fate .
aywv 's gon na spin off into podcasts , and all kinds of things underneath it .
The trio already aboard the ISS -- consisting of Romanenko , Hadfield , and Marshburn -- are to depart and return to Earth aboard Soyuz TMA-07M on May 14 , leaving the Soyuz TMA-08M crew behind .
Normal flight rules call for the aircraft being level , not tilted , when this switch is made .
Mutual were patient with Chaplin 's decreased rate of output , and the contract ended amicably .
His output included a novel , two biographies , three volumes of memoirs , and several histories .
In October 1850 , already an accomplished mathematician , Maxwell left Scotland for the University of Cambridge .
It is a calculation relating to the effective force of the wind at a particular location , frequently expressed in terms of the elevation above ground level over a period of time .
Expedition organiser Tony Medniuk told the BBC , `` After five years of preparation , a small slip like this and a few moments can undermine the most meticulous preparation '' .
The Aztec empire reached its height during the reign of Ahuitzotl in 1486 -- 1502 .
Specifically , the euro has significantly decreased the cost of trade in bonds , equity , and banking assets within the eurozone .
Additionally , in the colonies , only Roman Catholics could own slaves , and these had to be baptised .
The heart of the collaborator and follower of the genius of Lenin 's work , the wise leader and teacher of the Communist party and of the Soviet people , has stopped beating .
Reports variously say the collapse took place on Wednesday or Thursday .
The infection has the potential of seriously harming or even causing the death of a preterm infant , an infant of low or very low birth weight , or an infant with an immune system deficiency or a congenital defect of the immune system .
This allows the child to imagine and create a personal interpretation of how they view the adult world .
Furthermore , studies accounting for time trend reflecting general cohesion policies in Europe that started before , and continue after implementing the common currency find no effect on trade .
OSA is an abbreviation for the Office of Special Affairs -- a department within Scientology which has been compared to an intelligence agency that handles legal affairs and public relations .
He joined the Christian Democratic Union and served as mayor of West Berlin before his 1984 election as President .
The founders of Southern rock are usually thought to be the Allman Brothers Band , who developed a distinctive sound , largely derived from blues rock , but incorporating elements of boogie , soul , and country in the early 1970s .
Although initially kyū grade belt colours were uniformly white , today a variety of colours are used .
For example , if you overdo the variation of the note 's tone it may become very distracting and overwhelm the piece .
Reports of up to eleven deaths during the seizure have since emerged ; Ukrainian officials have denied the claims .
Praising his ability to choose and encourage men of talent , the historian Chateaubriand noted : `` it is the voice of genius of all kinds which sounds from the tomb of Louis '' .
They sealed the victory with thirteen minutes left in the game with a converted try .
Lawrence said the inquiry `` should be open and not behind closed doors so that we can hear once and for all exactly what was going on after Stephen was murdered -LSB- ... -RSB- I think unless we have a public inquiry that goes through the whole thing , we will never get to the bottom of it '' .
Solar panels have been established on many CBD buildings in an effort to minimise carbon pollution by around 3,000 tonnes a year .
Opposed to liberalism , Marxism , and anarchism , fascism is usually placed on the far-right within the traditional left -- right spectrum .
Evans says he was `` intimidating and unscrupulous , playing to others ' frailties , not their strengths . ''
The findings are to be published in the The Astrophysical Journal on March 10 .
This turns the professional into a service provider whose role is to offer guidance and carry out the client 's decisions .
He also caused offence with comments he made about India and Mexico as well as comments about people with special needs .
The waters of Burton in England contain gypsum , which benefits making pale ale to such a degree that brewers of pale ales will add gypsum to the local water in a process known as Burtonisation .
The system featured scholarships and strict discipline , with the result being a French educational system that outperformed its European counterparts , many of which borrowed from the French system .
Vaccines were discovered by Edward Jenner and Louis Pasteur .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom -LRB- UK -RRB- or Britain , is a sovereign state in western Europe .
For a second time , WBC failed to appear .
A small amount of carbon dioxide is carried on the protein portion of the hemoglobin molecules as carbamino groups .
Of 4,000 Jews in Estonia before the German invasion , some 3,000 fled to the Soviet Union .
However , it is now widely accepted that to eliminate malaria from an entire region , it will be equally important to kill the sexual forms that transmit the disease . ''
The United States also sponsored a force of several hundred Guatemalan refugees and mercenaries who were headed by Castillo Armas to help remove the Arbenz government .
The accident occurred when a camper van collided with an oncoming car on the N15 road between the towns of Ballybofey and Donegal at approximately 1540 BST -LRB- 1440 UTC -RRB- on Monday .
The charter formalised the concept of membership : a member country is defined as a country that ratifies the CIS Charter -LRB- sec .
From its beginnings in 1982 through 2006 , Maroochydore and Noosa were the only two clubs to win the Sunshine Coast A-grade rugby union premiership .
Construction began on 26 June 2016 .
A typical violin bow may be 75 cm -LRB- 30 in -RRB- overall , and weigh about 60 g -LRB- 2.1 oz -RRB- .
Paralympic sport brings attention to athletes who are typically overlooked in American society because the majority of the population does not want to identify with people who are disabled .
In March 1991 , Mikhail Gorbachev , the president of the Soviet Union , proposed a federation by holding a referendum to preserve the Union as the Union of Sovereign States .
The government has detained tens of thousands of Falungong members and , according to the group , tortured members for their beliefs .
It may be that after the sand and dust is blown away by the wind the stones jiggle themselves into place ; alternatively , stones previously below ground may in some way work themselves to the surface .
Scottish government ministers have attempted to reassure religious groups who oppose same-sex marriage they will not be required by law to conduct them , but may `` opt in '' to conduct ceremonies for same-sex partners .
LGBT activists and models attended the event .
Nettles was interested in a fashion career , working as an intern for local fashion firm Ay'Medici .
Secretary of State John Kerry said he already had a prior engagement in India .
We have been learning and evolving every step of the way , and today we are submitting a brand new and dramatically enhanced Games concept .
Their cells are differentiated , but in most cases not organized into distinct tissues .
Several journalists were also reported attacked in the clashes .
Arguments as to acceptability of suicide in moral or social terms range from the position that the act is inherently immoral and unacceptable under any circumstances to a regard for suicide as a sacrosanct right of anyone who believes they have rationally and conscientiously come to the decision to end their own lives , even if they are young and healthy .
He made no apologies for the difficulties this posed to readers , insisting that the role of an artist was to ask questions , not to answer them .
Due to the remains being buried under hot material , Thadeus believes they will be difficult to reach .
There 's nothing immoral about being paid to do a review .
According to French authorities , 144 passengers were aboard the plane , reportedly including sixteen school children who were travelling on a German exchange project .
That was pretty much as far as the editing process goes , back then .
In the session we had during the AffCom meeting she once again showed her passion and commitment to help reimagine the role of AffCom and how to help emerging and new affiliates .
Other ancient epic poetry includes the Greek epics , the Iliad and the Odyssey ; the Avestan books , the Gathic Avesta and the Yasna ; the Roman national epic , Virgil 's Aeneid ; and the Indian epics , the Ramayana and the Mahabharata .
Anime scenes place emphasis on achieving three-dimensional views , and backgrounds are instrumental in creating the atmosphere of the work .
553 complaints originated in the 33071 zip code , in Coral Springs , Florida .
In nature , antibiotics of fungal or bacterial origin appear to play a dual role : at high concentrations they act as chemical defense against competition with other microorganisms in species-rich environments , such as the rhizosphere , and at low concentrations as quorum-sensing molecules for intra - or interspecies signaling .
We are not afraid of killers , even if they enjoy the protection of the head of state '' .
In 3x3 , a formalized version of the halfcourt 3-on-3 game , a dedicated ball with the circumference of a size 6 ball but the weight of a size 7 ball is used in all competitions -LRB- men 's , women 's , and mixed teams -RRB- .
The declaration is in-response to Safarov 's pardon and promotion , despite the Azeri officer having been given a life sentence -- with a minimum jail term of 30 years , by Hungarian authorities in 2006 .
Horses have excellent day and night vision , but they have two-color , or dichromatic vision ; their color vision is somewhat like red-green color blindness in humans , where certain colors , especially red and related colors , appear as a shade of green .
The naming of a particular species , including which genus -LRB- and higher taxa -RRB- it is placed in , is a hypothesis about the evolutionary relationships and distinguishability of that group of organisms .
Getafe scored first in the second quarter .
There needs to be a test where they can see what you can see .
Labour MP and Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury , Rachel Reeves , said Osborne 's fuel duty plans were `` panicky '' and an `` aspiration '' without funding .
The blast occurred just before 10am local time in a building on Divadelní Street .
Police cordoned off the area while collecting evidence .
The rumor provoked a stampede in which many people were trampled and others sought escape by jumping into the river , actions which resulted in many drownings .
It is likely that the 13th century Mongolian pronunciation would have closely matched `` Chinggis '' .
Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis leads to stroke due to locally increased venous pressure , which exceeds the pressure generated by the arteries .
It was the first time the event was held at this particular location .
They are just out trying to run a business to make payroll , to grow their business , and I 've got a strong business-friendly record as delineated by the Indiana Chamber of Commerce and the Indiana Manufacturers Association .
`` Now , in a well-ordered republic , it should never be necessary to resort to extra-constitutional measures .
Carbon monoxide poisoning is thought to have been the cause of the deaths of three people and one Jack Russell dog in a caravan park in Cornwall in South West England .
The term magnetism describes how materials respond on the microscopic level to an applied magnetic field and is used to categorize the magnetic phase of a material .
Israeli doctors and highly regarded hospitals such as Hadassah Medical Center are available to residents .
Charades is probably the most well-known game of this type , and has spawned numerous commercial variants that involve differing rules on the type of communication to be given , such as Catch Phrase , Taboo , Pictionary , and similar .
In the EU , these subsidies have encouraged heavy use of fertilizer inputs with resulting high crop yields .
Harabe , only the tenth person ever to represent his country at the Games , is making his Paralympic Games debut .
No ship in the 15th century could have carried enough food and fresh water for such a long voyage , and the dangers involved in navigating through the uncharted ocean would have been formidable .
Energy gives rise to weight when it is trapped in a system with zero momentum , where it can be weighed .
Very young females still die at very high rates in India , especially in North India , because of gender preferences for male children .
Napoleon made some of the first efforts at establishing a system of secular and public education .
Transmission electron microscopy -LRB- TEM -RRB- images show that the q-glass nucleates from the melt as discrete particles , which grow spherically with a uniform growth rate in all directions .
Even though she had medical documentation to say that she was a T10 paraplegic with no function in her legs .
A more recent proposal involves mass differences between neutrino mass eigenstates .
Between 1859 and 1866 , he developed the theory of the distributions of velocities in particles of a gas , work later generalised by Ludwig Boltzmann .
Captives were forced onto buses , before the convoy was stopped by the Chadian military as it was trying to cross the border , where the large number of people aroused suspicion .
Western philosophy can be divided into three eras : Ancient -LRB- Greco-Roman -RRB- , Medieval philosophy -LRB- Christian European -RRB- , and Modern philosophy .
With the puck rarely in the Canadian third , Sweden managed only one shot on goal in the first .
As the military controls in Western Germany were nearly all relinquished and the Germans were allowed to rebuild their own economy with Marshal Plan aid things rapidly improved .
The identification of Presley with racism -- either personally or symbolically -- was expressed most famously in the lyrics of the 1989 rap hit `` Fight the Power '' , by Public Enemy : `` Elvis was a hero to most / But he never meant shit to me / Straight-up racist that sucker was / Simple and plain '' .
According to a statement issued by SpaceX , `` Throughout the test and subsequent flight termination , the vehicle remained in the designated flight area .
At this time he may have commenced a project for an equestrian figure of Charles II d'Amboise , the acting French governor of Milan .
Police said : `` Police were contacted in October by Freedom Charity after they had received a call from a woman stating she had been held against her will in a house in London for more than 30 years .
Isaac said Bourque lost his job because of `` attitude related issues , being defiant , not doing what he was supposed to be doing '' .
But to me the ultimate issue was bringing this whole thing to closure and by denying people the right to vote this November we did not bring this to closure .
Democratic Party candidates were consistently elected to local office , increasing the city 's ties to the South and its dominant party .
DA Rosen 's November 7 presentation claimed honoring ICE holds would `` produce an undetermined amount of cost savings by reducing probation costs '' , as individuals otherwise on probation would be transferred to federal detention .
There are 935 public preschool , primary , and secondary schools in Sydney that are administered by the New South Wales Department of Education .
A less than expected attendance by the public resulted in a partially filled stadium .
This is the second long range rocket North Korea fired this year .
Otherwise , a convention may be adopted so that ∠ BAC always refers to the anticlockwise -LRB- positive -RRB- angle from B to C , and ∠ CAB to the anticlockwise -LRB- positive -RRB- angle from C to B.
For Barry Lyndon he also used a specially adapted high-speed -LRB- f/0 .7 -RRB- Zeiss camera lens , originally developed for NASA , to shoot numerous scenes lit only with candlelight .
The standard regimen consists of three-day dihydroartemisinin -- piperaquine treatment , and had a 25 % rate of failure at day 42 in another recent study in Pailin , Cambodia .
While this was considered a controversial method at the time , she succeeded .
Since Culbert never published detailed intermediate results for particular countries and regions , it is difficult to independently gauge the accuracy of his results .
A self-identified Sudanese asylum seeker from one of the boats reported the Navy ship numbers , identifying them as HMAS Parramatta and HMAS Glenelg , and said the refugees were denied access to navigation tools during the duration of the route and abandoned in sea in the middle of the night .
There are 29 other states that prohibit same-sex civil marriages under their constitutions , while Indiana and three other states prohibit it by statute .
A small percentage of yoga practitioners each year suffer physical injuries analogous to sports injuries ; therefore , caution and common sense are recommended .
Lincoln wrote , `` I think I am a Whig , but others say there are no Whigs , and that I am an abolitionist -LSB- ... -RSB- I do no more than oppose the extension of slavery . ''
Dogs also carried much of the load in the migration of the Apache and Navajo tribes 1,400 years ago .
Traditionally , small bodies orbiting the Sun were classified as comets , asteroids , or meteoroids , with anything smaller than 10 meters across being called a meteoroid -LRB- such as in Beech and Steel 's 1995 paper -RRB- .
Hundreds of people attending the funeral , held Scots ' Church , including the current Prime Minister of Australia , Tony Abbott .
Before then , a small minority of boys attended school .
Monotheism has been defined as the belief in the existence of only one god that created the world , is all-powerful and interferes in the world .
In the late Middle Ages , the overwhelming majority of poetry was written in Latin , and therefore accessible only to affluent and educated audiences .
`` The activities of the PAC increased in 2014 when Jim Webb decided to re-enter the political discussions of our country . ''
The 1980s saw something of a reaction against the Fusion and Free Jazz that had dominated the 1970s .
Gold cyanide is the electrolyte used in commercial electroplating of gold onto base metals and electroforming .
The International Statistical Literacy Project is dedicated to the promotion of statistical literacy among all members of society .
A previous attempt by the UN to end the violence in Syria failed .
In a strongly worded speech , which caused Syrian foreign minister Walid al Muallem to walk out in protest , Morsi called the Syrian regime `` oppressive '' , saying that it has lost legitimacy .
Barns was personally asked by Julian Assange to take the position , following Assange 's own announcement late last year that he would run for a federal Senate seat in Victoria .
The US 5-cent coin -LRB- currently called a nickel -RRB- consists of 75 % copper and 25 % nickel in homogeneous composition .
In 1925 Jenkins used the Nipkow disk and transmitted the silhouette image of a toy windmill in motion , over a distance of five miles , from a naval radio station in Maryland to his laboratory in Washington , D.C. , using a lensed disk scanner with a 48-line resolution .
5.2 % of residents of Sydney are attending a university .
I never displayed it .
Highly energetic chemistry is thought to have produced a self-replicating molecule around 4 billion years ago , and half a billion years later the last common ancestor of all life existed .
Police were initially alerted to the incident at 31 Britannia Way in Clydebank approximately 1355 BST -LRB- 1255 UTC -RRB- Tuesday .
The main headquarters of NATO is located on Boulevard Léopold III/Leopold III-laan , B-1110 Brussels , which is in Haren , part of the City of Brussels municipality .
Bicycles are used by all socio-economic groups because of their convenience , Amsterdam 's small size , the 400 kilometres -LRB- 249 miles -RRB- of bike paths , the flat terrain , and the arguable inconvenience of driving an automobile .
Ed Miliband praised his brother , saying British politics would be `` a poorer place '' without David : `` Having spoken to him a lot over the past few months , I know how long and hard he thought about this before deciding to take up the offer .
Shortly after , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report showing problems with test results .
Subatomic particles obey a very different set of rules than the items we see every day , but the behaviour of particles at just above quantum levels remains enigmatic .
Two scores in the 8 range kept her out of the top through all ten rounds .
This was derived from Henri de Saint Simon , whose ideas inspired the creation of utopian socialism and influenced other ideologies , that stressed solidarity rather than class war and whose conception of productive people in the economy included both productive workers and productive bosses to challenge the influence of the aristocracy and unproductive financial speculators .
Outside of that , however , U.S. media coverage is largely limited to the men 's four major leagues , college football and college basketball .
Freemasonry played an important role in the remainder of Mozart 's life : he attended meetings , a number of his friends were Masons , and on various occasions he composed Masonic music , e. g. the Maurerische Trauermusik .
Mrs Thatcher 's funeral is scheduled for St.Paul 's Cathedral on Wednesday .
It is a function of the star 's luminosity , its distance from Earth , and the altering of the star 's light as it passes through Earth 's atmosphere .
Many of these parties can trace their beginnings back to the 1960s -- 1990s struggle against the Iraqi army , many of whom continue to maintain militias which are now being deployed to reinforce the Kurdish army in the region .
The Ottoman Empire -LRB- / ˈɒtəmən / ; Ottoman Turkish : دولت عليه عثمانیه , Devlet-i ʿAlīye-i ʿOsmānīye ; Modern Turkish : Osmanlı İmparatorluğu or Osmanlı Devleti -RRB- , also known as the Turkish Empire , Ottoman Turkey , was an empire and a great power , founded at the end of the thirteenth century in northwestern Anatolia in the vicinity of Bilecik and Söğüt by the Oghuz Turkish tribal leader Osman .
Another possibility is the use of thorium in a reactor especially designed for thorium -LRB- rather than mixing in thorium with uranium and plutonium -LRB- i.e. in existing reactors -RRB- .
Lyon also said the company , `` reached out to Anonymous spokespersons and asked their opinions on how the matter should be handled . ''
Scholars divide the ministry of Jesus into several stages .
The interior walls are about 25 metres -LRB- 82 ft -RRB- high and are topped by a `` false '' interior dome decorated with a sun motif .
In this mode , the posteriorly moving waves push against contact points in the environment , such as rocks , twigs , irregularities in the soil , etc. .
The commentator called him `` Houdini '' for escaping any attempt to restrain him .
In 1716 and 1717 , the Tsar revisited the Netherlands , and went to see Herman Boerhaave .
Folk medicine may also be referred to as traditional medicine , alternative medicine , indigenous medicine , or natural medicine .
Girls in the bottom 20 % on average only finish Grade 1 while males finish Grade 6 .
He discovered Joule 's first law in 1841 , that the heat which is evolved by the proper action of any voltaic current is proportional to the square of the intensity of that current , multiplied by the resistance to conduction which it experiences .
Largely untitled except for a date and sometimes the location of where it was written -LRB- for example `` Paris 16 May 1936 '' -RRB- , these works were gustatory , erotic and at times scatological , as were his two full-length plays Desire Caught by the Tail -LRB- 1941 -RRB- and The Four Little Girls -LRB- 1949 -RRB- .
Authorities from Namibia , Angola , Botswana , and South Africa were thanked by the airline for their assistance in the search for the plane .
A succession of popes and architects followed in the next 120 years , their combined efforts resulting in the present building .
20th and 21st century scholarship by and large retains the view that Palestrina was a strong and refined composer whose music represents a summit of technical perfection , while emphasizing that some of his contemporaries possessed equally individual voices even within the confines of `` smooth polyphony . ''
In Cologne , the territory 's Prince-Archbishop , Ferdinand of Bavaria , presided over a particularly infamous series of witchcraft trials that included the controversial prosecution of Katharina Henot , who was burned at the stake in 1627 .
Breeders have attempted to recreate cattle of similar appearance to aurochs by crossing traditional types of domesticated cattle , creating the Heck cattle breed .
The Ticho House in downtown Jerusalem houses the paintings of Anna Ticho and the Judaica collections of her husband , an ophthalmologist who opened Jerusalem 's first eye clinic in this building in 1912 .
But Richard and I are now friends and get along great .
With the exceptions of September 29 with 15 complaints and September 28 with 23 , it is the lowest daily total since March 16 of this year when 36 total complaints were recorded and February 23 of this year with 14 .
Examples include 上 shàng `` up '' and 下 xià `` down '' , originally a dot above and below a line .
In Plato , and in later physiology , the liver was thought to be the seat of the darkest emotions -LRB- specifically wrath , jealousy and greed -RRB- which drive men to action .
US girls outperform boys on the literacy test with mean scores of approximately 510 to 490 .
Hector enters the city , urges prayers and sacrifices , incites Paris to battle , bids his wife Andromache and son Astyanax farewell on the city walls , and rejoins the battle .
Navy officials have warned the families of trapped sailors to `` prepare for the worst '' .
MM : Quantum physics should not just be the remit of the world of atoms or molecules but should apply at all scales in some way .
The notice for this hearing required parties to file responses ten days before , which meant that the parties only had two days to prepare their replies .
There were two types of musicians involved in the revival : the first group was made up of those who had begun their careers playing in the traditional style and were returning to it -LRB- or continuing what they had been playing all along -RRB- , such as Bob Crosby 's Bobcats , Max Kaminsky , Eddie Condon , and Wild Bill Davison .
The Conservatives have also faced questions about their relationship with the UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- .
With the influence of social media , celebrities and bloggers , their voice are easily being heard and have impact on fashion and trend at any time .
Psychoanalytic societies and institutes were established in Switzerland -LRB- 1919 -RRB- , France -LRB- 1926 -RRB- , Italy -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , the Netherlands -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , Norway -LRB- 1933 -RRB- and in Jerusalem -LRB- 1933 -RRB- by Eitingon , who had fled Berlin after Adolf Hitler came to power .
Several in the audience replied by asking how many other criminals would go free because people refused to report or testify as a result of increased fear of deportation .
After 1354 , the Ottomans crossed into Europe , and with the conquest of the Balkans the Ottoman Beylik was transformed into a transcontinental empire .
The country will perish because you do not know how to recognize enemies . ''
As part of the legislation , the government have included a set of provisions they describe as a `` quadruple lock '' against churches and other religious denominations being forced to perform same-sex weddings , including an explicit ban on the Church of England and the Church of Wales doing so .
Some of the pictures and video coming out of the country do n't show blood and dismembered bodies , but instead show , according to witnesses , those who died from apparent suffocation ; some were foaming at the mouth and others were having convulsions .
These practices have no basis in science or medicine and they will now be relegated to the dustbin of quackery '' .
Therefore , the two buildings combined are often called the Stopera , -LRB- a word originally coined by protesters against it very construction : Stop the Opera -LSB- - house -RSB- -RRB- .
A cult is controlling and exclusive .
Furthermore , Kandahar was at this time under threat from the Uzbeks , but the Emperor of Persia , himself beleaguered by the Ottoman Turks , was unable to send any reinforcements .
The JLPT is offered twice a year .
By this point , Australia was deliberately running down the clock , passing the ball around , and taking shots at the last minute .
Ian Prickett , a member of the team , said on Twitter `` Sir Ran is leaving but we will carry on . ''
Gospel music was nevertheless using musical forms that were compatible with Christian hymns and therefore less marked by the blues form than its secular counterpart .
Grew up in the Snowy Mountains Scheme with my family .
Another noted `` Adrianne embodied brilliance , determination , and enthusiasm in everything she did . ''
Provided the recovery is sustained , our goal is to achieve that surplus in the next parliament .
An historic building which served as the town 's first school suffered significant damage .
France 's economy was predicted to marginally retract overall this year and had experienced a minor recession this quarter due to deteriorating economic activity .
The Israeli conductor was directing an orchestra in the city of Lucerne when he suddenly collapsed and fell head first off of the platform .
Hokusai also wrote directly to another blockcutter involved in the project , Sugita Kinsuke , stating that he disliked the Utagawa-school style in which Kinsuke had cut the figure 's eyes and noses and that amendments would need to be made for the final prints to be true to Hokusai 's style .
State education minister Partha Chatterjee , of the West Bengal ruling Trinamool Congress party , `` condemned '' the agitation , suggesting students `` were trying to create trouble on the campus . ''
After hearing news that the socialist revolutionary group `` People 's Vengeance '' had murdered one of its own members , Ivan Ivanov , on 21 November 1869 , Dostoyevsky began writing Demons .
Once photographed , MEPs were encouraged to make video introductions in languages they were comfortable speaking in .
Around 1775 the Prince abandoned the baryton and took up a new hobby : opera productions , previously a sporadic event for special occasions , became the focus of musical life at court , and the opera theater the Prince had built at Esterháza came to host a major season , with multiple productions each year .
Organized crime has long been associated with New York City , beginning with the Forty Thieves and the Roach Guards in the Five Points in the 1820s .
His paper Experiments on Colour laid out the principles of colour combination and was presented to the Royal Society of Edinburgh in March 1855 .
Communism was wholly opposed to monarchy , and became an important element of many republican movements during the 20th century .
Some founders of the humanistic school of thought were American psychologists Abraham Maslow , who formulated a hierarchy of human needs , and Carl Rogers , who created and developed client-centered therapy .
It was almost unquestioningly accepted from the 5th to the 16th centuries that Paul was the author of Hebrews , but that view is now almost universally rejected by scholars .
In December , Nietzsche began a correspondence with August Strindberg and thought that , short of an international breakthrough , he would attempt to buy back his older writings from the publisher and have them translated into other European languages .
Several of France 's most famous chefs , including Pierre Gagnaire , Alain Ducasse , Yannick Alléno and Alain Passard , have three-star restaurants in Paris .
Of the respondents , 13 % viewed President Obama more favorably , while 17 % viewed him less favorably and 69 % indicated they did not change their opinion .
The United States -LRB- U.S. -RRB- says the attacks are `` corrupting '' any evidence the team might have come in contact with .
The Defikopter is to be launched by an app that sends out the GPS coordinates of the victim .
Johnson did not , however , communicate this change in strategy to the media .
In 2009 , a team including Schweitzer announced that , using even more careful methodology , they had duplicated their results by finding similar soft tissue in a duck-billed dinosaur , Brachylophosaurus canadensis , found in the Judith River Formation of Montana .
According to Owens , in 2014 , Hong Le Webb , who works as an attorney , was paid for `` vetting design consultants , negotiating contracts and content management '' relating to the exploratory committee website .
If a publication which has already been published is proven to contain plagiarism , then the editor of the journal can proceed to have the article retracted .
And I said , look , I 'd go for it on the condition that it did n't interfere with Jane 's opportunity to become the manager .
Turkish journalist Aziz Akyavaş and US journalist Richard Engel went missing on Thursday .
Ashoka later got rid of the legitimate heir to the throne by tricking him into entering a pit filled with live coals .
Other runners in the men 's T12 marathon who had the same guide the whole race included ninth place Ildar Pomykalov of Russia who was guided by Aleksei Lashmanov , and Henry Wanyoike of Kenya who did not finish but was guided by Joseph Gachuhi .
Water also infiltrates the ground and goes into aquifers .
Since in principle the induction rule can be applied repeatedly starting from the proved base case , we see that all -LRB- usually infinitely many -RRB- cases are provable .
This stops the infection from spreading .
However , if there is a significant difference in breast size , she should consult a doctor to establish the cause .
Twain moved to San Francisco in 1864 , still as a journalist , and met writers such as Bret Harte and Artemus Ward .
In Devon , buses have replaced trains between Exeter and Newton Abbot .
Belgian Esperantist Germain Pirlot , a former teacher of French and history is credited with naming the new currency by sending a letter to then President of the European Commission , Jacques Santer , suggesting the name `` euro '' on 4 August 1995 .
Despite the retirements , fourteen cars finished which was more than some commentators were expecting .
In the Gaza Strip , Israeli strikes continue , as well as rocket shootings from Gaza into Israel .
A spokesperson for the Royal Mail said the postal service is cooperating with police as they investigate the incident .
On Sunday Peter Capaldi was named as the twelfth Doctor on BBC 's Doctor Who .
This involves an alternation between two generations : a haploid stage , called the gametophyte , and a diploid stage , called the sporophyte .
As a result of the influx of immigrants to Brazil from the late 19th to the early 20th century , one may find in Rio de Janeiro and its metropolitan area communities of Levantine Arabs -LRB- mostly Christian or Irreligious -RRB- , Spaniards , Italians , Germans , Japanese , Jews , and people from different parts of Brazil .
Only the sexual forms infect mosquitoes and sexual reproduction occurs within the mosquito digestive tract .
This can compress the heart and adversely affect the function of the heart .
As most of Pakistan 's large multinational corporations are based in Karachi , income taxes are paid in the city even though income may be generated from other parts of the country .
Sarris attributed his resignation to the probe announced earlier today , admitting that he may also be targeted by judges as they try to find out why the country was forced to seek a bailout .
`` Neither of us , I 'm sure , would have wanted it to happen right then , and obviously with winning that tournament almost makes it seem a little bit strange , '' Stosur acknowledged .
We 'll do our best to get them their entitlements under the government schemes , and we calculate what they 're owed in the next few days and hopefully get that underway for them .
In January 1883 , Mahler became conductor at a run-down theatre in Olmütz -LRB- now Olomouc -RRB- .
It therefore became essential for the Allied forces to gain control of the lake themselves .
He then followed the advice he found in Hippocrates ' teaching and travelled and studied widely including such destinations as Smyrna -LRB- now Izmir -RRB- , Corinth , Crete , Cilicia -LRB- now Çukurova -RRB- , Cyprus , and finally the great medical school of Alexandria , exposing himself to the various schools of thought in medicine .
The UN 's most prominent officer is the Secretary-General , an office held by Portuguese António Guterres since 2017 .
Simon Ličen : In general terms , this is both an opportunity and a risk : it can activate its sizable financial , promotional and media influence to bring attention to the Paralympic movement , but at the same time might choose to push disabled sports to the side in order to accommodate influential sponsors .
NK has no reason to exist as a separate , poorer Korean state , just as the GDR -LSB- East Germany -RSB- had no post-cold war reason to exist , unless SK and the US can be regularly described as the enemy .
07950 , the zip code for Morris Plains , New Jersey , and 37013 , the zip code for Antioch , Tennessee , each had 8 complaints originating from them .
Luz is the seat of the Santos-Jundiaí line which historically transported international immigrants from the Santos port to São Paulo and the coffee plantation lands in the Western region of Campinas .
Ordinary , untreated eyeglasses give some protection .
Americans asked , `` What would Lincoln do ? ''
Sutton 's campaign received numerous celebrity endorsements , including from Stephen Fry , Russell Brand and Simon Cowell .
The museum underwent a 10-year , 375 million euro renovation starting in 2003 .
Passenger vessels in excess of 30,000 tons -LRB- PC/UMS -RRB- , known popularly as cruise ships , pay a rate based on the number of berths , that is , the number of passengers that can be accommodated in permanent beds .
The latter consists of sensory nerves that transmit information from sense organs and motor nerves that influence target organs .
One study indicates that an entirely renewable energy supply based on 70 % wind is attainable at today 's power prices by linking wind farms with an HVDC supergrid.Wind power has expanded quickly , its share of worldwide electricity usage at the end of 2014 was 3.1 % .
He was sentenced for these crimes to at least eight years in jail and was on parole in 2012 when he raped a Dutch backpacker and in 2013 raped and murdered Jill Meagher .
The conversation took place on April 9 , when a man 's voice , later identified as Sterling 's , told the woman not to pose for photos with black men , including Hall of Famer Ervin `` Magic '' Johnson .
The BNP 's political support has significantly declined in recent years ; its percentage vote share in the European Parliament elections in North West England dipped from 6.1 % in 2009 to 1.9 % in 2014 , while most of the party 's councillors have lost their positions .
The Slavs , the Arabs and the Byzantines knew them as the Rus ' or Rhōs , probably derived from various uses of rōþs - , `` related to rowing '' , or derived from the area of Roslagen in east-central Sweden , where most of the Vikings who visited the Slavic lands came from .
The house moved from side to side .
Empress Irene stands on the left side of the Virgin , wearing ceremonial garments and offering a document .
At 2:09 , Bill Latham was at the line for ONCE , making his first free throw but missing his second .
She wrote him a letter saying she had no remorse for the murders .
The foregut is lined with a cuticular lining made of chitin and proteins as protection from tough food .
In England and Wales alone , an estimated # 3 billion a year is spent fighting the war on drugs , to little effect .
Twins and other multiple births are counted as one pregnancy and birth .
Civilian use of swords became increasingly common during the late Renaissance , with duels being a preferred way to honourably settle disputes .
To allow fracking companies to drill under people 's homes and land without their permission is to ignore public interest in pursuit of the vested interests of a few . ''
Mollusc shells , including those of cowries , were used as a kind of money -LRB- shell money -RRB- in several preindustrial societies .
Physicians like Vesalius improved upon or disproved some of the theories from the past .
News agency Reuters has placed the minimum death toll at eleven while also reporting at least forty injuries .
During childbirth , the uterus exerts 100 to 400 N -LRB- 25 to 100 lbf -RRB- of downward force with each contraction .
Researchers have also been able to infect phorid fly parasitoids of the ant with the protist without harming the flies .
In these anisogamous species , the two sexes are referred to as male -LRB- producing sperm or microspores -RRB- and female -LRB- producing ova or megaspores -RRB- .
MacAskill noted `` the kind of issue that publicity might raise may become apparent only during the trial itself . ''
Other actions in this case could now proceed with the next steps being scheduled January 22 , 2013 , or later .
Not only were they coming in but there was more money coming into the general area from wages and people living here .
In 1887 , Heinrich Hertz discovered that electrodes illuminated with ultraviolet light create electric sparks more easily .
If you were from outer space watching games , you would not know that a game was being played by men or women at the top level .
Their second leading scorer is Katie Harnock , with 75 points so far .
After Willie 's death , Lincoln considered why , from a divine standpoint , the severity of the war was necessary .
At very high energies , however , the perturbative results are badly divergent and lead to models devoid of predictive power -LRB- `` perturbative non-renormalizability '' -RRB- .
The report describes the changes in gender relations in Iceland as `` promising '' in terms of impact at work and at home .
In speaking of Henotheism , Indo-European religions have had shifting tendencies regarding their supreme god .
His person was above six feet high : and , though a good looking man , he was plain both in dress and appearance .
On the current political debate , he remarked : `` If mainstream politics fails to recognise what is really going on in Scotland just now , then that is its problem .
Benjamin Huntsman developed his crucible steel technique in the 1740s .
Spain 's percentage of foreign-born residents rose from around 3 % in 1995 to about 14 % in 2009 .
Laboulaye 's political allies supported the call , as did descendants of the French contingent in the American Revolutionary War .
In terms of practical application , an understanding of evolution has been instrumental to developments in numerous scientific and industrial fields , including agriculture , human and veterinary medicine , and the life sciences in general .
Malfunction of the nervous system can occur as a result of genetic defects , physical damage due to trauma or toxicity , infection or simply of ageing .
The USSR was declared officially dissolved on December 26 , 1991 .
Johnson and Kenseth eventually caught up to the top ten , while Gordon lost positions due to a pit stop , but he reached second place with 80 laps to go .
At a United Nations facility in Akobo , an attack killed two Indian peacekeepers and at least eleven civilians on Thursday .
Incumbent U.S. President Barack Obama has been projected enough electoral votes to win re-election , defeating Republican challenger Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential election .
Witnesses in Scotland may be asked to identify accused persons standing in the dock .
Lincoln was one of those instrumental in forging the shape of the new party ; at the 1856 Republican National Convention , he placed second in the contest to become its candidate for vice president .
Turkey 's campaign starts on Thursday in a game against the United States men 's national wheelchair basketball team .
The Assembly abolished the symbolic paraphernalia of the Ancien Régime -- armorial bearings , liveries , etc. -- which further alienated the more conservative nobles , and added to the ranks of the émigrés .
Queens is the preferred borough of settlement for Asian Indians , Koreans , Filipinos , and Malaysians and other Southeast Asians ; while Brooklyn is receiving large numbers of both West Indian and Asian Indian immigrants .
This centre , scheduled to be operational toward the end of 2015 , is based in Niger as migrants travel through it to get to people smugglers in Libya who then transport them across the Mediterranean Sea .
That line divides the square on the hypotenuse into two rectangles , each having the same area as one of the two squares on the legs .
Threats and evacuations are a recurring problem for Paris ' famous landmark and marks the fourth evacuation for 2013 .
Mario : Yes , I took writing courses in college , and I 've gone through the MLA Handbook , I 've gone through all those things .
Another curler often sits behind the stone thrower to hold their chair in place while they execute their throw .
If Grieve believes Charles to be impartial then let him prove it by allowing the release of these documents . ''
Lobsang Choedak , a spokesperson for the Tibetan government in exile in India , denies the allegations against Konchok and Tsering saying , `` We believe -LSB- the suspects -RSB- have been forced to make these confessions .
Lenin presented many of his ideas in the pamphlet Two Tactics of Social Democracy in the Democratic Revolution , published in August 1905 .
Overseas colonies were attacked and occupied , including those of the Netherlands , which was annexed by Napoleon in 1810 .
Louisville , Kentucky , about 35 miles south of Austin , was the first Kentucky municipal government to approve a needle exchange program .
In 1872 , the conflict climaxed with a final split between the two groups at the Hague Congress , where Bakunin and James Guillaume were expelled from the International and its headquarters were transferred to New York .
Only Mormon and Jewish faithful scored as well as atheists and agnostics .
Whilst the Romanization of such languages is used mostly at unofficial levels , it has been especially prominent in computer messaging where only the limited 7-bit ASCII code is available on older systems .
In not doing so , Myers said , they now have `` blood on their hands '' .
The memorial was to take place on Tuesday at Al-Katiba square , to commemorate ten years since the founder and leader of the Fatah movement , Yasser Arafat , died .
Following this , Polly and Molly were the first mammals to be simultaneously cloned and transgenic .
As available storage and bandwidth increases , it is a longer-term goal of the Wikimedia Foundation to increase freely-available , and reusable , multimedia content across all projects hosted by the Foundation .
-LSB- ... -RSB- If a single individual raises three fingers in the air , we are not going to arrest him or her .
The coinage metals in group 11 -LRB- copper , silver , and gold -RRB- are chemically capable of acting as either transition metals or main group metals .
Two young girls , one aged four and the other only six weeks , were found stabbed alongside a British 31-year-old male and a Spanish 37-year-old female .
Some eat other animals -- this is a carnivorous diet -LRB- and includes insectivorous diets -RRB- .
The cultivation of soybeans began in the eastern half of northern China by 2000 BCE , but is almost certainly much older .
He also said : `` Iran is receiving billions of dollars in relief in the sanctions without paying any sort of price .
On the other hand , measures to mitigate global warming , such as a carbon tax or carbon emissions trading , may favor the economics of nuclear power .
Reportedly the primary blast took place at approximately 5:40 p.m. local time , when the neighborhood is busy .
A 2012 meta-analysis concluded that people who drank moderate amounts of coffee had a lower rate of heart failure , with the biggest effect found for those who drank more than four cups a day .
The center-left was well represented , and the government was initially chaired by a liberal aristocrat , Prince Georgy Yevgenievich Lvov , a member of the Constitutional Democratic party -LRB- KD -RRB- .
The BBC carries no television advertising on its UK channels and is funded by an annual television licence paid by premises receiving live TV broadcasts .
I 'm delighted by the happy news that they 're expecting another baby . ''
For example , some channels may carry no advertising at all and some very little , including :
I am a profound believer that the relationships developed through international sport are often in the infancy of social change . ''
Prokaryotes lack a nucleus and other membrane-bound organelles , although they have circular DNA and ribosomes .
Shinawatra 's party had tried and failed to pass legislation granting amnesty to Thaksin .
In this type of connection the bolts carry the load through shear and are only tightened to a `` snug-fit '' .
The Yoga Yajnavalkya is a classical treatise on yoga attributed to the Vedic sage Yajnavalkya .
The third group , `` continuously increasing trend since 1950 '' , is only found in the Indian Ocean and Western Pacific .
If the voltage difference between the collector and emitter were zero -LRB- or near zero -RRB- , the collector current would be limited only by the load resistance -LRB- light bulb -RRB- and the supply voltage .
Notably , they fill a wide ring surrounding the Caloris Basin .
A modern conception views the function of the nervous system partly in terms of stimulus-response chains , and partly in terms of intrinsically generated activity patterns -- both types of activity interact with each other to generate the full repertoire of behavior .
He noted the Gliders have another training camp coming up in Brisbane in August .
Murphy cited concerns about Scottish Labour being divided as a contributory factor to his decision .
So , yes , the Libya example is a precedent ; but , in any case , the Syrian dynamics are much more complex than Libya and both Russia and China -- as well as Iran -- genuinely see the attempt to resolve the imbroglio in Syria through military means as truly dangerous .
Fred Phelps , the founder of the vehemently anti-gay Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka , Kansas , died yesterday aged 84 .
The weather for the memorial service on Tuesday was inclement , as the day was filled with rain and cold wind .
Effectively what you 're saying is that ` I 'm not going to do anything when it comes to marriage equality ' , and I take the position that marriage equality is a constitutionally guaranteed right so goes the federal involvement .
Instead , he argues , the press should welcome the new regulator as a protection from libel as joining in means `` their journalists will have better protection from legal bullying by corporations and oligarchs .
Positive atheism is the explicit affirmation that gods do not exist .
Often , `` which was to be shown '' is verbally stated when writing `` QED '' , '' □ '' , or '' ∎ '' during an oral presentation .
The community 's spokeswoman , Kelly S. Kuntz , announced Leader 's death .
Later in 1932 Colombia and Peru entered a short armed conflict for possession in the Amazon .
People are weary of the endless arguments in the Middle-East , and feel that they should now be left to deal with their own issues .
As well as Liberia , Guinea , and Sierra Leone are at the centre of the outbreak , with Nigeria , and Senegal also effected .
Mexico 's Rocio Torres Lopez scored in response , another shot by Sarah Stewart missed ; but , Amanda Carter took an offensive rebound , which eventually made it into the basket .
Rock School in 2006 featured a student rock band that KISS frontman Gene Simmons created .
Romansh , spoken by two percent of the population in southeast Switzerland , is an ancient Rhaeto-Romanic language derived from Latin , remnants of ancient Celtic languages and perhaps Etruscan .
Coffee is often consumed alongside -LRB- or instead of -RRB- breakfast by many at home or when eating out at diners or cafeterias .
Morsi has stated the decree is temporary .
But , it was announced that fares will be revised twice a year to absorb fuel costs .
The final report of the investigation is set to be finalised next year .
Gowda announced a bullet train between Mumbai and Ahmedabad ; new semi-high speed trains in nine sectors connecting metros ; and new measures towards improving cleanliness , food , and e-ticketing were announced .
Results of this study found that two subspecies of Sturnira lilium should be recognized as valid species -LRB- S. parvidens and S. paulsoni -RRB- .
During this time Pakistan recorded victories over such nations as China and the United Arab Emirates .
The papers published their stories after Bellfield was convicted of abducting and murdering schoolgirl Milly Dowler .
These subfields seek to anticipate what inventions nanotechnology might yield , or attempt to propose an agenda along which inquiry might progress .
The Russian Revolution spread into Mongolia , and overthrew its theocratic monarchy in 1924 .
Various South Slavic dialects , similar to the modern Bulgarian and Macedonian languages , have been written in Greek script .
The structure of dramatic texts , unlike other forms of literature , is directly influenced by this collaborative production and collective reception .
By the end of 1803 , Haydn 's condition had declined to the point that he became physically unable to compose .
The corrosion of these pillars , Jacobs argues , is linked to societal ills such as environmental crisis , racism and the growing gulf between rich and poor .
Light usually has multiple frequencies that sum to form the resultant wave .
I want to know what it feels like to be a legally recognized family in our community , together with Amy and our daughters . ''
And so for me , I do n't think the information is going to be any clearer .
Along with many allegations from many other women in the wider investigation , Karin Ward claims she was groped by Starr in the 1970s when she , then aged 14 , attended a recording of Savile 's television show ` Clunk Click ' .
However , notice that the use of the generic pointer , the void * pointer , does allow for casting of pointers to other pointers without needing to do an explicit cast .
Samba is thought to be able to unify because individuals participate in it regardless of social or ethnic group .
Current Liberal head Justin Trudeau said Gray was a `` great statesman '' who `` left behind an immense legacy unmatched by most in Canadian history '' .
With the mixed audience , Godley made avoiding profanity -- due to the presence of children -- a theme of her warm-up ; although , the humour remained fairly adult in nature .
The first route will start from Uttara , northern suburb of Dhaka to Sayedabad , southern section of Dhaka .
As much as this may have upset the mayor , Linnaeus made his observations public and the mayor 's dreams of selling the hydra for an enormous sum were ruined .
This is formed by adding the feminine suffix - ah onto nisba adjectives to form abstract nouns .
Speaking on behalf of Avon and Somerset Constabulary , Chief Superintendent Caroline Peters , who described the collision scene as `` one of carnage '' , explained : `` We have a collision team of investigators who are trying to assess the cause of this accident and we are working very closely with the fire service and South West Ambulance '' .
The quote was read live to Cañete , who responded by saying , `` For me , it is more difficult , it is harder . ''
All squamates and turtles have a three-chambered heart consisting of two atria , one variably partitioned ventricle , and two aortas that lead to the systemic circulation .
The high court in Lausanne , Switzerland , in a 2006 ruling , granted an anonymous individual with longstanding psychiatric difficulties the right to end his own life .
Dialectal variation persists , in spite of the levelling influence of the standard used in mass media and the Turkish education system since the 1930s .
Just after 6:00 a.m. , with the declaration of the results for Fife , the `` No '' campaign attained an unassailable lead .
I was honored to work with then state representative Jim Buck , from Kokomo , who also represented Zionsville .
Yervelli denies the charges .
In a March 12 , 2009 article , NBA commissioner David Stern said that in the bad economy , `` the NBA is far less profitable than the WNBA .
That looks -LSB- to be -RSB- a long way off .
There then followed a few minutes of farce as the game was halted due to a problem with the shot clock .
The first securely dated book by Dutch printers is from 1471 , and the Coster connection is today regarded as a mere legend .
Weber noted that some aspects of Christianity sought to conquer and change the world , rather than withdraw from its imperfections .
The city region is similar to Greater Amsterdam but includes the municipalities of Zaanstad and Wormerland .
Both were still holding the wrecked plane 's controls .
The administration established by Alexander 's successors , the Macedonian Ptolemaic Kingdom , was based on an Egyptian model and based in the new capital city of Alexandria .
Sarvis : Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
One suspect was arrested , while four or five suspects were shot dead .
Spinal nerves innervate -LRB- distribute to/stimulate -RRB- much of the body , and connect through the spinal column to the spinal cord and thus to the central nervous system .
Vocalization , or singing , in birds occurs via the syrinx , an organ located at the base of the trachea .
The traditional Japanese goban is between 10 and 18 cm -LRB- 3.9 and 7.1 in -RRB- thick and has legs ; it sits on the floor -LRB- see picture -RRB- .
Earlier today , vision impaired South Korean skier Jae Rim Yang and her guide Soungmii Park finished fifth in the women 's vision impaired slalom event with a combined time of 2:24.47 for both runs at IPC Alpine World Championships in La Molina , Spain .
Toads scored the opening try at thirteen minutes to take the score to 10 -- 5 .
Constituents would be able to `` recall '' an MP who had been found guilty of misconduct under a proposed law that will be debated .
Indiana Governor Mike Pence supported the proposed amendment .
Generalizing finite and the ordinary infinite sequences which are maps from the positive integers leads to mappings from ordinal numbers , and transfinite sequences .
The pink color can range from a pale orange to a vivid near-purple , depending on the varietals used and winemaking techniques .
This trend has been followed by some African and Middle Eastern countries where support for the death penalty is high .
Their reserve grade side defeated Maroochydore 53 -- 24 and their under 19s beating Caboolture 29 -- 20 .
When the child -LRB- now Mr Keech -RRB- grew up , he sued Mr Sandford for the profit that he had been making by getting the market 's lease .
They launched aboard Soyuz TMA-11M in November of last year and were the sole inhabitants of the station since the departure of Soyuz TMA-10M on March 11 .
Since then , many more people have come forward with statements claiming abuse by Savile .
Its main proponents included Leo Tolstoy , Dorothy Day , Ammon Hennacy , and Jacques Ellul .
Most amphibians lay their eggs in water and have aquatic larvae that undergo metamorphosis to become terrestrial adults .
Five - to six-hundred turned up for the event , billed as '' -LSB- a -RSB- ` revolution ' ... with T-shirts and dancing '' by the Sunday Herald , and held in The Arches club and theatre , under Glasgow 's Central Street Station .
Streptophyte algae are either unicellular or form multicellular filaments , branched or unbranched .
At one point Merritt suffered a bone-crunching sideways fall that the crowd feared meant she had injured her shoulder , but Merritt got back up again .
The spacecraft -- containing more than 2,200 kg -LRB- 5,000 pounds -RRB- of food , experiments , and spare parts -- successfully decoupled from the launch rocket and should reach the station early tomorrow .
Five-a-side football players wear blindfolds to insure a level playing field , as some blind people are more blind than others .
The main division can be seen between the mainline Protestant and evangelical denominations and their relation to the class into which their particular theodicy pertains .
Such pickups are usually placed right underneath the guitar strings .
Sheikh Hamad seized power in 1995 through a bloodless coup that removed his father from the throne .
Some comets with hyperbolic orbits may originate outside the Solar System , but determining their precise orbits is difficult .
For those who require hospitalization and caught their pneumonia in the community the use of a β-lactam such as cephazolin plus macrolide such as azithromycin or a fluoroquinolones is recommended .
The bloodless animals were also divided into five groups : cephalopods , crustaceans , insects -LRB- which included the spiders , scorpions , and centipedes , in addition to what we define as insects today -RRB- , shelled animals -LRB- such as most molluscs and echinoderms -RRB- , and `` zoophytes '' -LRB- animals that resemble plants -RRB- .
The ashes are displayed in a gold-plated sphere on a marble pedestal in the Nikola Tesla Museum .
The period ended 2 -- 0 in favour of the the United States .
SAID UK states that it is these child slaves who are likely to be working in `` harsh and abusive '' conditions for the production of chocolate , and an increasing number of health-food and anti-slavery organisations are now highlighting and campaigning against the use of trafficking in the chocolate industry .
Many developed countries and many developing/semi-developed countries -LRB- People 's Republic of China , India etc. -RRB- depend significantly on manufacturing industry .
Once moved out of muscles with high concentrations within the sarcomere , lactic acid can be used by other muscles or body tissues as a source of energy , or transported to the liver where it is converted back to pyruvate .
In appealing to witnesses , Sergeant Ross Drummond of Police Scotland said the force has yet to track down any witnesses to the incident .
On Thursday , the Church renewed its threats to picket the school , saying again via it 's twitter account `` Is tomorrow when Westboro Baptist will picket Margaret River Senior High School ?
Several physicists in the 1950s and 60s favoured lutetium , in light of a comparison of several of its physical properties with those of lanthanum .
Wadewitz was one of the most visible women in the media on the under-representation of women amongst contributors to Wikipedia , talking to media organizations like the BBC , the Huffington Post and non-English publications like Greek-language magazine LIFO .
Neurons can be connected together in ganglia .
From the late 1960s it became common to divide mainstream rock music into soft and hard rock .
All the swimmers going to Seoul .
Diligent , sagacious and faithful , in his expositions of nature , antiquity and the holy Scriptures , he vindicated by his philosophy the majesty of God mighty and good , and expressed the simplicity of the Gospel in his manners .
French nationalist and reactionary monarchist Charles Maurras influenced fascism .
According to The Guardian , in-between songs U2 's lead singer Bono reflected on Sheehan 's life to the audience , saying how he was family to the band .
The host of the show , Brian Dowling , stated before the arrest that if Davidson were to appear on the show , he would treat him with `` the same respect as I 'd give any of the housemates '' despite Davidson previously calling the openly gay Dowling a `` shirt lifter '' and a `` fucking disgrace '' on an episode of Hell 's Kitchen .
Sinan built the Mihrimah Camii at Edirnekapı -LRB- Edirne Gate -RRB- for her on the highest of the seven hills of Constantinople .
The new rating brings greater consistency between Australia 's systems of video game ratings and film ratings .
The courts have said that the only safe route to avoid committing a contempt is to avoid publishing a photograph , but that does not mean that publishing a photograph is automatically a contempt . ''
In addition to the sex charges , Berlusconi was found guilty of abusing his office when dealing with El Mahroug .
The lexicon is a catalogue of words and terms that are stored in a speaker 's mind .
The life drive was also termed `` Eros '' and the death drive `` Thanatos '' , although Freud did not use the latter term ; `` Thanatos '' was introduced in this context by Paul Federn .
The Gliders defeated China in the gold medal game 57 -- 35 .
Around 115 pilgrims were killed Sunday in a stampede in India 's Madhya Pradesh region .
90 flights over three days are cancelled to allow the proficiency checks .
Last Thursday , British sensory biologist Dominic Clarke and other authors published research about detection of floral electric fields by bees in journal Science .
Octavian was no longer in direct control of the provinces and their armies , but he retained the loyalty of active duty soldiers and veterans alike .
In 1488 , at the age of 13 , Michelangelo was apprenticed to Ghirlandaio .
Today it is the most important factor in popular culture of Brazilian society , indicated by research showing that as much as 67 % of the general population follow the same daily soap opera broadcast .
These observations coincide more or less with the recollections of Jelly Roll Morton , who said he first heard blues music in New Orleans in 1902 ; Ma Rainey , who remembered first hearing the blues in the same year in Missouri ; and W.C. Handy , who first heard the blues in Tutwiler , Mississippi , in 1903 .
Last July , U.S Court of Appeals judge , Alex Kozinski , wrote , `` The firing squad strikes me as the most promising .
He later wrote : `` From the moment I crossed the threshold of the Olmütz theatre I felt like one awaiting the wrath of God . ''
Eisenstein 's pedagogy , like his films , were politically charged and contained quotes from Vladimir Lenin interwoven with his teaching .
With the capture of Herat the Kartid kingdom surrendered and became vassals of Timur , but it would later be annexed in 1389 by Timur 's son Miran Shah .
A spokesperson for Alex Salmond , First Minister of Scotland and the leader of the Scottish National Party , responded to Major 's remarks : `` Sir John Major is quite wrong to suggest that the rest of the UK should lay exclusive claim to all the assets of the UK , which the people of Scotland contribute to and of which Sterling is one .
He was intrigued by the way it flopped around on the floor .
... This is the sort of thing we can not afford to lose if we 're serious about the Port being redeveloped .
On 17 December 1954 , the North Atlantic Council approved MC 48 , a key document in the evolution of NATO nuclear thought .
Madrid 's bid comes at a time when the Spanish economy is in the middle of a second recession where unemployment hovers around 25 per cent and on the heels of two previous failed bids .
There is a second category of fouls called technical fouls , which may be charged for various rules violations including failure to properly record a player in the scorebook , or for unsportsmanlike conduct .
The blaze left no injuries and was contained by around midnight .
To save Utnapishtim the god Ea told him to build a boat .
So then I had to discuss it with the wife because it meant initially that would want us to move to Sydney .
The tail is sometimes used for communication , as when beavers slap their tails on the water surface or house mice rattle their tails to indicate alarm .
Two sinkholes have opened near the Australian northern coastal city of Newcastle , New South Wales , in the last two days .
For a long time , sources of nitrogen compounds were limited .
Kanem accepted Islam in the eleventh century .
An important step towards the recovery of the neglected works was the journey to Vienna which Sir George Grove -LRB- widely known for the Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians -RRB- and Arthur Sullivan made in the autumn of 1867 .
He has been sentenced to seven years in prison and banned from serving in public office , but does not start his sentence until an appeal process is concluded .
Movie actor Hugh Grant , a director of Hacked Off , rejected criticism of the charter from the press , arguing the press object to the system because `` when the press gets things wrong and harms people unfairly , the charter system will give those people a much better chance of redress .
The A7V , the only type made , was introduced in March 1918 .
Indiana , US had only recognised their marriage last year after a federal judge granted their emergency request .
Brian S. Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage , also argues that misleading polling questions over-count support for same-sex marriage in the United States .
He described the treatment as `` horrendous '' and was featured by the QUIT campaign in 2011 after defeating the illness .
Security forces covered the area after the phone call was received and the Eiffel Tower was reopened about an hour and half later after the threats were dismissed .
A number of volumes of Churchill 's speeches were also published .
The gherao continued for about ten hours by Chakrabarti 's account , preventing the vice-chancellor and the registrar from leaving the campus .
Tree shaping is the practice of changing living trees and other woody plants into man made shapes for art and useful structures .
Dignity in Dying , a campaign group for legalisation of assisted dying , is supporting the bill .
Wikinews has investigated possible contempt by media publishing potentially prejudicial material , and MacAskill wrote he has `` been following the case of Mikaeel Kular and -LSB- is -RSB- acutely aware of the unusual publicity this case has attracted . ''
As this concerns our actions with reference to the highest aims of life , we see that the ultimate intention of nature in her wise provision was really , in the constitution of our reason , directed to moral interests only .
Meteorologists are concerned that it will turn into a `` Frankenstorm '' as it amalgamates with a winter storm in the run up to Halloween .
Catholic Mariology deals with the doctrines and teachings concerning the life of the Mary , mother of Jesus , as well as the veneration of Mary by the faithful .
The transformed cells of tumors express antigens that are not found on normal cells .
As part of the operation , the Church 's website was defaced and taken offline for most of the day Monday .
Most , 1470 , of the complaints against Sallie Mae were closed with explanations .
Before the development of the electric guitar and the use of synthetic materials , a guitar was defined as being an instrument having `` a long , fretted neck , flat wooden soundboard , ribs , and a flat back , most often with incurved sides . ''
Australian authorities are coming under question , with lawyer Bob Myers saying `` this is a black day for the AFP -LSB- Australian Federal Police -RSB- , a day they deliberately exposed nine Australians to the death penalty '' .
A priori knowledge is often contrasted with posteriori knowledge , which is knowledge gained by experience .
said Pogrebov in an interview to LifeNews .
The impacts that generally do occur during most El Niño events include below-average rainfall over Indonesia and northern South America , while above average rainfall occurs in southeastern South America , eastern equatorial Africa , and the southern United States .
King recently was under hospice care at home , after being treated for diabetes and high blood pressure in hospital .
As a Unitarian , she welcomed the radical implications of transmutation of species , promoted by Grant and younger surgeons influenced by Geoffroy .
During the Industrial Revolution an intellectual and artistic hostility towards the new industrialisation developed , associated with the Romantic movement .
However you kept money donated by BP after the Deepwater Horizon spill in 2010 .
Pickups are transducers attached to a guitar that detect -LRB- or `` pick up '' -RRB- string vibrations and convert the mechanical energy of the string into electrical energy .
The journey took Guevara through Argentina , Chile , Peru , Ecuador , Colombia , Venezuela , Panama , and Miami , Florida , for 20 days , before returning home to Buenos Aires .
Naval and rescue components in the Mediterranean Sea are considered one of the very best due to the quick intercooperation of various Naval Fleets within proximity of each other .
As home to Pakistan 's largest ports and a large portion of its manufacturing base , Karachi contributes a large share of Pakistan 's collected tax revenue .
Both candidates have previously agreed to form a unity government involving the other .
The images at the beginning of this section show the orbits of the various constituents of the Solar System on different scales .
-LSB- ... -RSB- We wanted to find a way to communicate an idea of a politics which work for all the people who those politics seek to govern , not just a few of them .
He told FOX News , `` We are coming because we no longer trust that this government knows how to handle this issue '' .
The airline further say they `` look forward to correcting Mr Goss 's defamatory claims in court '' .
Jeffrey John was forced to step down from his position and now serves as Dean of St Albans Cathedral .
The French State -LRB- commonly known as Vichy France -RRB- was established as a client state of Nazi Germany .
The absence of such a signal does , however , not exclude the possibility that the compact object is a neutron star .
He said CCTVs will be installed in major stations to monitor cleanliness , and major stations will have food courts serving local cuisines and precooked food from reputable catering brands will be served on-board .
In skeletal muscle , contraction is stimulated by electrical impulses transmitted by the nerves , the motoneurons -LRB- motor nerves -RRB- in particular .
All of the states and territories signed memoranda of understanding with the federal government on the issue of environmental regulation .
`` The Australian Greens would be very concerned about any legislation that further restricts civil liberties and removes scrutiny and oversight .
Catholicism teaches that through God 's mercy a person can repent at any point before death , be illuminated with the truth of the Catholic faith , and thus obtain salvation .
The United Nations World Fertility Report of 2003 reports that 89 % of all people get married before age forty-nine .
Isabel : This starts out with Reverie .
Using alternative energy sources such as solar cooking and electrical heating is also effective .
This could be seen as a signature of `` quantum friction '' but we need to look more closely .
Harvie said Murphy 's resignation was `` almost inevitable , but even as he announced it he promised to further weaken Labour 's relationship with the wider labour movement .
The music video for `` Gangnam Style '' , a song by South Korean artist Psy , has become the most viewed YouTube video of all time .
However , the Commonwealth Marriage Act 1961 does not permit or recognise same-sex marriages .
The report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast , and alleged the school internally detected problems but did n't act on the findings .
`` We 've not -LSB- yet -RSB- made a formal decision , '' Lyon noted , but the company `` supports all of these groups and will give very serious consideration in ensuring that our donations have a strong impact . ''
B is most commonly defined in terms of the Lorentz force it exerts on moving electric charges .
I really have enjoyed working with you and the University of Southern Indiana through this process .
This is difficult , due to there being little consensus on how to define life .
Here he spent some time in the court of the short-lived Madurai Sultanate under Ghiyas-ud-Din Muhammad Damghani , from where he returned to the Maldives and boarded a Chinese junk , still intending to reach China and take up his ambassadorial post .
Sydney also dominated in other key statistics , including total rebounds with 36 to the Capitals ' 28 , steals with 12 to Canberra 's 2 , and blocks with 7 to the Capitals ' 5 .
Unicode supports polytonic orthography well enough for ordinary continuous text in modern and ancient Greek , and even many archaic forms for epigraphy .
In addition , they possess organized chromosomes that store genetic material .
It knows if a war were to break out , it will definitively lose to South Korea .
Martin Fomin finished first in the men 's 200m breaststroke , with a European Championship Record time of 2:24.27 .
The socialists had formed their rival body , the Petrograd Soviet -LRB- or workers ' council -RRB- four days earlier .
The other case involves California 's Proposition 8 .
Various names -LRB- now rarely , if ever , used -RRB- have been given to particular cases : -- amphicyrtic -LRB- Gr .
This was characterised as a ` tyranny of the minority ' , a most-undemocratic approach where one person -- for example , recently moved into a property adjacent to a long-established premises hosting live music -- could force the closure of a business which has hosted local talent for 30 + years .
Once the proposed amendment has passed those hurdles , then the amendment goes to Indiana voters who vote yea or nay on the amendment .
A notice at the top of the page invites condolences , which have been arriving in their dozens .
That is how it is painted by capitalist propagandists , who purport to draw a lesson from the example of Rockefeller -- whether or not it is true -- about the possibilities of success .
The US ' heavily armored , 90 mm M48A3 Patton tank saw extensive action during the Vietnam War and over 600 were deployed with US Forces .
Two Chinese panda specialists are at the zoo helping to care for the newborn .
During the southern winter -LRB- March -- September -RRB- , the South Pole receives no sunlight at all , and from May to July , between extended periods of twilight , it is completely dark -LRB- apart from moonlight -RRB- .
This calculation must be reversed decisively if peace is to hold .
There are very few groups other than the Ibero-American group that share a language and ability to communicate in that way .
Riley B King , who would eventually be called the King of Blues , grew up in Mississippi where he lived on a plantation as a sharecropper .
Gautama was born as a Kshatriya , the son of Śuddhodana , `` an elected chief of the Shakya clan '' , whose capital was Kapilavastu , and who were later annexed by the growing Kingdom of Kosala during the Buddha 's lifetime .
Under the command of Lieutenant Commander Geoffrey Spicer-Simson the British Royal Navy achieved the monumental task of bringing two armed motor boats HMS Mimi and HMS Toutou from England to the lake by rail , road and river to Albertville -LRB- since renamed Kalemie in 1971 -RRB- on the western shore of Lake Tanganyika .
New Zealand 's Adam Hall finished ninth in the men 's standing Super-G .
The National Council for Peace and Order has stated it imposed military rule over the country due to political deadlock resulting from demonstrations spanning seven months , which occasionally erupted into violence .
-LRB- -LRB- WN -RRB- -RRB- North Korea 's rhetoric vows the repeated bolstering of its nuclear arsenal to what it calls US military threats .
There were many prominent women at court during and after Wu 's reign , including Shangguan Wan ` er -LRB- 664 -- 710 -RRB- , a poet , writer , and trusted official in charge of Wu 's private office .
Native Americans in the south western United States became agriculturalists around 600 AD when seeds and technologies became available from Mexico .
For others that represent a change of state , the - te iru form indicates a perfect aspect .
The Australian side included flag-bearer Greg Smith at his fifth games , Nazim Erdem who is at his third Paralympics , Ryley Batt and Ryan Cott who competed at the 2004 and 2008 Games , Cameron Carr who competed at the Beijing Games , Chris Bond , Cody Meakin , Ben Newton , Andrew Harrison , Josh Hose and Jason Lees who made their Paralympic Games debut .
Most scattered disc objects -LRB- SDOs -RRB- have perihelia within the Kuiper belt but aphelia far beyond it -LRB- some more than 150 AU from the Sun -RRB- .
It is equal to the energy expended -LRB- or work done -RRB- in applying a force of one newton through a distance of one metre .
The Merritts received a `` good faith estimate '' consistent with those advertisements .
This term has fallen out of use and is sometimes said to be offensive because it suggests that a human being rather than God is central to Muslims ' religion , parallel to Jesus Christ in Christianity .
Others have suggested that the word comes from the term ahl aṣ-ṣuffah -LRB- `` the people of the bench '' -RRB- , who were a group of impoverished companions of Muhammad who held regular gatherings of dhikr .
Time concluded Fluke helped give U.S. President Barack Obama an edge in his presidential re-election campaign .
Another local woman said she is `` stunned '' and she had `` stood in that exact spot yesterday afternoon .
Michael Carrithers goes a bit further by stating that the most general outline of `` birth , maturity , renunciation , search , awakening and liberation , teaching , death '' must be true .
Earlier philosophers whose work influenced the Enlightenment included Francis Bacon , René Descartes , John Locke , and Baruch Spinoza .
The greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has conquered and expanded .
The Tang dynasty -LRB- Chinese : 唐朝 -RRB- was an imperial dynasty of China preceded by the Sui dynasty and followed by the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period .
`` It is unfortunate these protestors are trying to keep thousands of Americans from the jobs they depend on to provide for their families .
Mesopotamian settlers were some of the first people to make beer and wine .
Capacitors are used in electrical circuits as energy-storage devices , as well as in electronic filters to differentiate between high-frequency and low-frequency signals .
Sales taxes are levied when a commodity is sold to its final consumer .
Although his IQ was discovered to be above average , his attendance was poor , and he missed 56 days in his first term alone , as many as he attended .
This modern form of stagecraft is highly technical and specialized : it comprises many sub-disciplines and a vast trove of history and tradition .
Judo -LRB- 柔道 , jūdō , meaning `` gentle way '' -RRB- was created as a physical , mental and moral pedagogy in Japan , in 1882 , by Jigoro Kano -LRB- 嘉納治五郎 -RRB- .
University are now scheduled to host Noosa next weekend in a match which should separate the teams at the top of the ladder .
The decision of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court instructed the lower court to consider whether , regardless of the possible constitutionality of the law in the long term , it may be impossible to implement it for this fall 's election without disenfranchising voters who do not yet have the required ID .
Solitary bees typically produce neither honey nor beeswax .
The official cause of death was pulmonary embolism , although no autopsy was performed .
Multiple problems have come to be associated with this framework : ranging from obtaining a sufficient sample size to specifying an adequate null hypothesis .
The Employer Advice Service , based at Manchester company Peninsula , said 220 people had called overnight regarding compassionate leave relating to the news .
He is acutely aware the Gliders have never won a World Championship or a Paralympics .
Together eight candidates run for election .
The Supreme Court of Alabama yesterday ordered all judges to halt in issuing same-sex marriage licenses in the state .
`` On the eve of Independence Day we are starting an initiative called ` Our Colours , ' which is devoted to the Ukrainian flag '' -LRB- -LRB- uk -RRB- -RRB- Ukrainian language : Напередодні Дня Незалежності ми починаємо ініціативу '' Наші Кольори '' , яка присвячена українському прапору , wrote Poroshenko .
Wikinews asked Unite the Union to comment on the story and has yet to receive a response .
Finally , he submitted and Akbar restored him to his previous position .
These make up the first large sequence of poems in any modern tongue addressed by one man to another , predating Shakespeare 's sonnets to the fair youth by fifty years :
Why do you think the W-League has been unable to capitalize on the female audience like netball has ?
Foodborne illness , commonly called `` food poisoning '' , is caused by bacteria , toxins , viruses , parasites , and prions .
Many animals can learn behaviours by imitation , but ants may be the only group apart from mammals where interactive teaching has been observed .
For this reason , hiragana are suffixed to the ends of kanji to show verb and adjective conjugations .
Fung-wong should also lead to heavy rain in Japan and South Korea bringing with it the threat of flash floods .
Collins attended Santa Monica City College prior to enlisting in the US Army .
Some European rulers , including Catherine II of Russia , Joseph II of Austria and Frederick II of Prussia , tried to apply Enlightenment thought on religious and political tolerance , which became known as enlightened absolutism .
The team made a huge effort for the next 12 hours to try to get him down the mountain , but to no avail , as they were unsuccessful in getting him through the difficult sections .
In the women 's visually impaired downhill , Kelly Gallagher and guide Charlotte Evans earned a bronze medal on the first day of competition .
Yesterday , World Bank released its 2012 World Development Report on Gender Equality and Development .
I work as general counsel for a second-generation family-owned business based out of Bloomington , Indiana , named CarDon & Associates .
Fiji 's national airline Air Pacific has now officially returned to its original name : Fiji Airways .
By the 1960s , both terms began to be used as synonyms by economists and other social scientists .
Taking pictures of the lights '' .
This resulted in two separate comb-like structures which , when interlocked , act as the anode and cathode .
NATO air strikes that year helped bring the Yugoslav wars to an end , resulting in the Dayton Agreement in November 1995 .
Nick did not adjust well to being given the honourary title of President and it soon became obvious that he was unable to work as an equal member of the team and alarmingly his behaviour became more erratic and disruptive . ''
I 'm looking forward to tomorrow .
This remark and others made in the same interview were seen as a change in the tone , but not in the substance of the teaching of the Church , which includes opposition to same-sex marriage .
The Universities of New South Wales and Sydney are similarly ranked in the top 50 in the world , the University of Technology Sydney is ranked 193 , while Macquarie University ranks 237 , and the Western Sydney University below 500 .
The UNHCR spent three days in January at an Australian facility located on Manus Island , Papua New Guinea .
E Hall includes accommodation for vulnerable prisoners .
Censuses of Ottoman territories only began in the early 19th century .
They built on that for a score of 19 -- 13 with 1:00 minute left in the first .
Single-coil pickups are susceptible to noise induced from electric fields , usually mains-frequency -LRB- 60 or 50 hertz -RRB- hum .
TZ : Well I think that there are certain talented athletes in the US that are now getting the global sponsors such as Jessica Long being a Visa athlete and having opportunities with Coke .
Earlier this week , flagship BBC investigative programme Newsnight was embroiled in controversy as it was revealed the programme had wrongly implied former Conservative chairman Lord McAlpine had been involved in child abuse at a children 's home in Wales .
Some cultures and people do not consume meat or animal food products for cultural , dietary , health , ethical , or ideological reasons .
Parliamentary documents held include Italian documents from 1897 , US documents from 1789 , and UK documents from 1803 .
The highest mountains in Wales are in Snowdonia and include Snowdon -LRB- Welsh : Yr Wyddfa -RRB- which , at 1,085 metres -LRB- 3,560 ft -RRB- , is the highest peak in Wales .
We are therefore proud to declare that Alan Turing 's Test was passed for the first time on Saturday . ''
Meles Zenawi , the Prime Minister of Ethiopia , died this week on Monday at the age of 57 years of an undisclosed illness at a Brussels hospital .
Bread is a staple food prepared from a dough of flour and water , usually by baking .
In 1561 , when Rüstem Pasha died , Sinan began the construction of the Rüstem Pasha Mosque , as a memorial supervised by his widow Mihrimah Sultana .
Their metabolic rate is low and as a result , their food and energy requirements are limited .
He pleaded guilty to offences including attempted rape and sexual assault , conspiracy to rape a child , sexual assault of a child , possession of indecent images of children , and possession of an extreme pornographic image involving sex with an animal .
The Director of the National Museum of Australia , Andrew Sayers , has resigned his position effective July 1 in a move that came as a surprise to his colleagues .
His Kanune Raya , or `` Code of the Rayas '' , reformed the law governing levies and taxes to be paid by the rayas , raising their status above serfdom to the extent that Christian serfs would migrate to Turkish territories to benefit from the reforms .
Although having some worries , Jimmy Philmont , 39 , of Fairfield told Wikinews , '' -LSB- ... -RSB- I do n't let it keep me up at night .
The careers of many clients and adherents depended on his patronage , as his financial power was unrivaled in the Roman Republic .
Pilot Liao Chien-tsung and his co-pilot , not publicly identified , were initially hailed as heroes by prosecutors , mayor Ko Wen-je , international press , and at least one relative of a survivor .
Malaria prophylaxis was shown to improve cognitive function and school performance in clinical trials when compared to placebo groups .
Surgery of the breast presents the health risk of interfering with the ability to breast-feed an infant child , and might include consequences such as altered sensation in the nipple-areola complex , interference with mammography -LRB- breast x-rays images -RRB- when there are breast implants present in the breasts .
The incident occurred at around 1600 UTC yesterday when the truck rolled down a hill on Lansdown Lane in the city 's Upper Weston district in what witness accounts given to police suggest was an accident avoidance attempt .
An Ethiopian government official reported a week prior to his death that Meles Zenawi was recovering well from his illness .
The ecoregion covers 258,100 square kilometres -LRB- 99,700 sq mi -RRB- , mostly in the Tassili n'Ajjer of Algeria , with smaller enclaves in the Aïr of Niger , the Dhar Adrar of Mauritania , and the Adrar des Iforas of Mali and Algeria .
During the intermission , a Paralympic presenter went into the audience to talk to Team USA fans in the stands for the screens found on display in the arena .
To the east , the Aegean coast of Asia Minor was colonized first , followed by Cyprus and the coasts of Thrace , the Sea of Marmara and south coast of the Black Sea .
The two Australian men as well as the other six men executed were confirmed dead 27 minutes after they faced a firing squad , said Indonesian officials .
cn domain was targeted in the latest of many denial of service attacks against China .
Yesterday , following the Super Combined event at the 2013 IPC Alpine World Championships , Austria took the lead again in the medal count having earned six total gold medals across four days of competition .
The so-called Troika , of which the IMF is part , are joint managers of this programme , which was approved by the Executive Directors of the IMF on 15 March 2012 for SDR23 .8 billion , and which saw private bondholders take a haircut of upwards of 50 % .
France TV 's channel three broadcast a report on the Thursday , making footage available via their website on the Friday .
Electric mobility carts will be provided to elderly and handicapped passengers at all major stations .
However , because the blocks are covalently bonded to each other , they can not demix macroscopically as water and oil can , and so instead the blocks form nanometer-sized structures .
There are also several temples in India solely for cobras sometimes called Nagraj -LRB- King of Snakes -RRB- and it is believed that snakes are symbols of fertility .
Margaret River Senior High School , in Western Australia , has become the latest target for the Westboro Baptist Church -LRB- WBC -RRB- .
As was the Shakya tradition , when his mother Queen Maya became pregnant , she left Kapilvastu for her father 's kingdom to give birth .
Mathematics and architecture are related , since , as with other arts , architects use mathematics for several reasons .
The coaches believe their runners should easily defeat their African counterparts from Nigeria and Kenya .
The Ottoman Navy Foundation was established in 1910 to buy new ships through public donations .
We all went over there .
That evening , a group of people said to be from the team reportedly arrived at Cape , a bar in Stirling , wearing football kits , their faces and limbs covered black .
Nkrumah quickly submitted plans for branches of the UGCC to be established colony-wide , and for strikes if necessary to gain political ends .
In order to explain the common features shared by Sanskrit and other Indo-European languages , the Indo-Aryan migration theory states that the original speakers of what became Sanskrit arrived in the Indian subcontinent from the north-west some time during the early second millennium BCE .
Various scales of analysis also have to be considered in order to determine the sociopolitical causes of malnutrition .
Noosa would reclaim the premiership in 2010 before University and Caboolture won the next two respectively .
Chinese software security companies have offered their assistance in maintaining security standards for Windows XP following Miscrosoft 's shutdown .
Rites and sacrifices to the gods have an ethical importance : they generate good life , because taking part in them leads to the overcoming of the self .
As coauthor Rob Jenkins , a psychologist at the University of York , said : `` This level of human error in Australian passport office staff really is quite striking , and it would be reasonable to expect a similar level of performance at UK passport control .
Flowing now along the northern edge of Amne Machin , the river reenters Qinghai and gradually curves north towards the Longyang Gorge at Xinghai .
On December 25 , 2008 , China opened the Mao Zedong Square to visitors in his home town of central Hunan Province to mark the 115th anniversary of his birth .
The Turkish telecommunications regulator called it a `` precautionary administrative measure '' .
On the men 's side , Spanish Jon Santacana is favored to win with three Giant Slalom and one Slalom victory during this year 's World Cup events in the lead up to the World Championships .
It has given support to Russia in international forum such as the UNSC -LSB- United Nations Security Council -RSB- and has acted opportunistically wherever its economic interest could be pursued .
Its major exponents in English included the artist and poet William Blake and poets William Wordsworth , Samuel Taylor Coleridge , John Keats , Lord Byron and Percy Bysshe Shelley .
Our prayers are with her son Scott , her daughter Missy , and the entire Brady Campaign family as they mourn this devastating loss '' .
James , in a 1945 letter introducing Nkrumah to Trinidad-born George Padmore in London , wrote : `` this young man is coming to you .
The newest equipment is oriented toward maximum flexibility , allowing athletes to exercise the particular muscles that they most require for their sport .
Extremism within Islam goes back to the 7th century to the time of the Kharijites .
